spring -      spring of '87. The whole question of the Netherland-Sumatra Company
high -      Chesterfield high road. There is a church there, you see, a few
scotland -      bungling villany with a motive so transparent that even a Scotland
stone -      out." He seated himself upon the stone ledge of the bridge, and I
read -      He read the telegram aloud.
well -      well of your country, and earned any reward which it lies in our
more -      this pain is more than I can bear!"
cross -      Charing Cross to Chatham at six in the morning, and we should be at
lodge -      to the death last night of Mr. Aloysius Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge,
well -      "Well, what happened when you did get there?"
central -      Palladio. The central part was evidently of a great age and shrouded
read -      "If you have read the letter you will know."
shipley -      Shipley's Yard, near Waterloo Station."
stapleton -      We know now why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister's
way -      lay above it at the base of the cliff, and along this I led the way,
well -      singular affair of the aluminium crutch, as well as a full account of
angle -      here. Very good. It rises in the angle of the wall, and there is a
town -      events, we had been whirling through the outskirts of the great town
sound -      the sound of it would not bring someone on to them? It's a mere
dunbar -      "Thank you, Miss Dunbar. Is there any other point which could help me
well -      "Well, he is variable. I'll say that for him."
lead -      lead us far. The man met his death elsewhere, and his body was on the
street -      of the street. Well, if you won't, I will.' And with that he rushed
well -      spoke. He would have begged for his life, but he knew well that it
more -      made the case more obscure, have served to enlighten me and to
more -      Dr. Grimesby Roylott which tend to make the matter even more terrible
spring -      She touched a spring, and the front hinged back. There was a portrait
real -      in the garden, which took our attention for a moment from the real
brougham -      "There's a brougham waiting for us, Watson," said he.
well -      of one who came with a definite purpose and knew well the ground upon
forth -      observation which I have endeavoured to set forth in these memoirs.
box -      and frantic eyes. I stood paralyzed, with the little box in my hand.
london -      London paper, an early edition of the Evening Standard. Here is what
river -      "We ought to be able to catch anything on the river," he said.
rise -      "What say you, Watson? Can you rise superior to the heat and run down
sea -      long swash of the sea waves. My wife was on a visit to her mother's,
hatherley -      "But the twelve-mile drive?" gasped Hatherley.
more -      "An idea--an indication, no more. But the case certainly grows in
london -      upon our way to London. Not a word would our captive say; but he
border -      border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son,
old -      It was indeed like old times when, at that hour, I found myself
way -      peculiarly ingratiating way with women, and that he very readily
true -      earth told a true story, then Stapleton never reached that island of
walsall -      Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.
south -      the Colorado upon the south, is a region of desolation and silence.
london -      London."
well -      "'Well, come to bed,' said she, 'and we can discuss it in the
letters -      Working with known letters it took this form:--
send -      among the distractions of town would send him back a new man. Mr.
martin -      the two mates, two warders Lieutenant Martin, his eighteen soldiers,
wooden -      stone-headed wooden mace, great agility, small poisoned darts. What
catch -      serviceable little weapon. He undid the catch, shook out the
hope -      body. Should I ever marry, Watson, I should hope to inspire my wife
height -      "I have not yet told you the height of his villainy," said she.
old -      The old man sank his face in his hands. "God help me!" he cried. "But
more -      The Gold King paused for a minute or more, his head sunk in his
real -      touch her. She is pure Spanish, the real blood of the masterful
devonshire -      luck in Devonshire. But I'm not easy in my mind about it."
way -      "By the way, Watson, I suppose you see it all clearly?"
close -      from the cage, which was open. Close to the door of the cage lay Mrs.
shop -      The village shop provided a ball of stout twine.
more -      would be very much more frank and valuable if he imagines that we are
london -      reasons why the more daring criminals of London should take a
how -      the sad news to the terrified girl, how we conveyed her by the
hampshire -      Hampshire in the west. In the last century, however, four successive
well -      Well, Mr. Holmes, I suppose all we can do is to report to you and let
hope -      "in the mean time, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you
more -      more than a year ago now. He knifed another Italian in the street,
paddington -      Paddington by the 11.15."
lane -      about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park Lane. A group of
street -      a hotel in New Street, and then I made my way to the address which
quick -      "At least," said I as we heard her quick, firm steps descending the
more -      "A more perfect compound of the bully, coward, and sneak than Master
more -      heart, perhaps, which we have never known. It is a more probable
height -      "Can you tell me his exact height?" he asked.
well -      white lamb, she might well be surprised when she read death on a face
shinwell -      "No good," said Shinwell Johnson with the decided voice of the
mountain -      image on a mountain.
lady -      of the lady. As I looked from their windows at the interminable
gravesend -      "And they were posted to-day at Gravesend. Well, Mrs. St. Clair, the
way -      last he made his way to our door and entered. His appearance
kent -      twelve miles to the eastward, over the borders of Kent.
waterloo -      Division, on duty near Waterloo Bridge, heard a cry for help and a
trafalgar -      "Have you dragged the basin of Trafalgar Square fountain?" he asked.
box -      pointed to a box of brass-headed nails upon the mantelpiece.
how -      How shall I keep in touch with you?"
how -      "But how did you gain them?"
read -      the map. "What do you read?"
lady -      with the lady. You could no longer bear the idea of this ruffian
quick -      Jove! here is the brougham coming round the corner. Quick, Watson,
how -      How did he acquire wealth? He is unmarried. His younger brother is a
hound -      of the hound. Mrs. Lyons knew neither of these things, but had been
way -      possible way. You are aware that the Underground runs clear of
quarter -      "It was a quarter of an hour before my time, but I thought that would
how -      and how you got there. I'd like you to know before you die."
common -      "Yes; it struck me as being a little out of the common."
street -      There was indeed the sound of shouting in the street, and a little
old -      in the village. I simply asked if they knew anything of my old
sudden -      a low, clear whistle, but the sudden glare flashing into my weary
point -      "At the point where the path passes through the gate you could surely
abbey -      I had intended "The Adventure of the Abbey Grange" to be the last of
vicarage -      suspected. I refused to answer you. You then went to the vicarage,
mason -      "Ask Mrs. Mason to bring baby down," said Ferguson.  The boy went off
how -      "If they were both ten paces from the cage, how came the beast to get
well -      "Well, if I were to tell you all the adventures that my little chum
street -      met in Fresno Street a number of constables with an inspector, all on
read -      door and Holmes entered, a telegram in his hand. He read it aloud:
wooden -      the water's edge, where there was a small wooden wharf. Toby led us
lady -      unless it were to keep the lady away from Phelps, who, rejoiced by
more -      amply sufficient for the purpose. Where your calling is more open to
how -      had all three read this epistle. "Did I not tell you how quick and
how -      "Well, it's your choice. I guess you know how to run your own
way -      was a long silence. The fellow was making his way into the house. We
mortimer -      "No, we have no news of any kind," said Dr. Mortimer in answer to my
america -      fled with a sinister reputation to South America, where he was said
cross -      no other tribes until we cross the great mountains."
dawn -      that day and remember the one little incident which heralded the dawn
mark -      a conical depression in the ground. I knew that it was the mark made
more -      "Your Majesty has something which I should value even more highly,"
baldwin -      such stakes as would hurt him. He was a member of the Baldwin, the
overton -      Young Overton's face assumed the bothered look of the man who is more
moor -                              THE LIGHT UPON THE MOOR
pocket -      said he. 'The others we will stuff into the pocket of this young man.
way -      last dollar on that. Tell it your own way; but there are the facts,
old -      always hit it off too well. The old man was sometimes a bully, and
douglas -      John Douglas. I wish you to journey back some twenty years in time,
old -      old Cunningham, and a very decent fellow too. He'll be cut up over
douglas -      "Mr. Douglas was altering the pictures yesterday," he said. "I saw
home -      at stake in this. If you come home with me, all will be well. If you
sudden -      over his head, and he had always looked upon his sudden departure
charles -      tends to show that Sir Charles's health has for some time been
westbury -      introduced herself as Miss Violet Westbury, the fiancee of the dead
touch -      with a master touch. You heard me warn this man at Birlstone Manor
wheel -      course, the hind wheel, upon which the weight rests. You perceive
more -      answer. I am sure they do. But your more deadly proposition is not so
steps -      down the steps, worn hollow in the centre by the ceaseless tread of
more -      "There was nothing more I could do, and I spent an uneasy night
well -      "Well, sir," said the guide, "it seemed, if I may be so bold as to
tore -      He turned and tore open the coffin-lid behind him. In the glare of
emsworth -      "This is very sudden, Colonel Emsworth," said he. "This will
loose -      another door, leading with him a gentleman clad in some sort of loose
sudden -      it gave way with a sudden snap, and we found ourselves within
well -      intended to walk down to the stables to see that all was well. She
tone -      foreign tongue in a tone as though asking a question, and when my
steps -      activity, considering his bulk, he sprang up the steps and squeezed
moor -      other direction the low curves of the moor, bronze-colored from the
middle -      of lawn with an old sundial in the middle, the whole effect so
press -      Central Press Syndicate.
send -      ball," she said. "They used to send father tickets when he was alive,
lead -      Soames. Where does that door lead to?"
street -      morning, returning by the 5.14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr.
lawn -      apparently rushed across the lawn, for his toe-marks were much deeper
street -      crossed Oxford Street and were half way down Harley Street before I
hope -      journey, Jefferson Hope packed all the eatables that he could find
yell -      horrible yell--the most dreadful sound, Mr. Holmes, that ever I
station -      "No, sir. Down at the station they are certain that no stranger
hope -      hope yet. He'd have kept it if he had wanted us to come. Run down, my
dunbar -      Dunbar's vindication."
more -      the track once more. When morning broke, a scene of marvellous though
old -      of some grazier in the old prosperous days, but now put into repair
stapleton -      There is this naturalist, Stapleton, and there is his sister, who is
way -      remember your expressing your passionate indignation at the way in
point -      "I understand that the yew hedge is penetrated at one point by a
more -      is a blessed night this when I am once more in safety,--I and my poor
lane -      country lane I met Theresa Wright, her old maid. She told me about
station -      into an official shape. You will come round with us to the station,
south -      started together for South Africa in the Palmyra three weeks ago."
halfway -      ledge. Halfway down I slipped, but by the blessing of God I landed,
well -      "Well, I'll come out by the same train to-morrow, though it's more
hole -      him know the hole we are in. If I know anything o' that young man,
well -      "Well, that is the curious part of it. You could have got fifteen to
way -      friend will see you on your way.'
true -      you do know, but will you swear that this is true that you tell me?"
quick -      gentleman. How quick a woman's instinct is to find it out. I will
touch -      effective touch with the cases which it is their duty to
wooden -      smudge of blood like the mark of a boot-sole upon the wooden sill.
old -      "You are knocking yourself up, old man," I remarked. "I heard you
white -      walked up to the white silent figure which had once contained the
deal -      had an eye upon him. Mister Von Bork, you have a great deal to answer
field -      field!"
rode -      rode past the carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for
lane -      lane have my last interview with him. I had almost decided upon this,
well -      "Well, so was Jack James an American citizen, but he's doing time in
point -      it from the point of view of a woman who sees all her life's ambition
reading -      half-drawn, and Holmes lay curled upon the sofa, reading and
began -      brighter than before. The maid had entered with us, and began once
emsworth -      comrade, Godfrey Emsworth. Both of them assured me that he had gone
well -      "Well," said I, as I came hurrying up, "I trust that she is no
cambridgeshire -      with Cambridgeshire scenery, are you? It does not lend itself to
rooms -      to my rooms.  They have evidently taken the precaution of watching
douglas -      always be Jack Douglas of Benito Canyon to me. I told you that they
london -      chief Greek interpreter in London, and my name is very well known in
law -      as I imagine, there is no breach of the law in this matter, you can
haven -      "But you haven't helped me. You have made the affair far more
how -      "Then perhaps you will kindly explain how it is that we found this in
moor -      the moor. He proved to be a blackguard and deserted her. The fault
loose -      the young man could not have got loose and come down to have a look
rope -      killing him, for when I came up by the rope I found him strutting
more -      way, was more calculated to fill the gap left by the illustrious
city -      fiercely at the silent widespread city beneath him. As he looked at
wood -      wood after them.
stoke -      "I am Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of Stoke Moran."
well -      "Well, then we must make a cross-country journey to Newhaven, and so
old -      matey,' says he: 'time to turn out guard.' My old man woke up
letters -      English letters after E is by no means well marked, and any
reading -      reading in an indolent fashion, blowing rings of tobacco smoke from
more -      that he had come down upon his knees more than once. At the bottom of
true -      "It is true."
well -      well. So, between the old sinner and the young one the girl has had a
well -      boat, sir, maybe I could serve as well."
old -      "I gripped the old man by the shoulder, but he shrank away.
steep -      cliff path which led to the steep descent to the beach. As I walked I
way -      "Ah, if I could give it a name it might go a long way towards solving
true -      Her words were literally true, for we had hardly time to look around
more -      me that you knows a deal more than you should."
lyons -      of the hound. Mrs. Lyons knew neither of these things, but had been
town -      town that would have set you wise to it all. Then I had to act and
damery -      half-hour, Colonel Sir James Damery was announced. It is hardly
touch -      How shall I keep in touch with you?"
green -      show the work of the past. Here in a clearing upon the green slope of
sound -      my mouth prevented me from uttering any sound. It was at this instant
hill -      action near Diamond Hill outside Pretoria. I got one letter from the
quick -      hardly quick enough with our pistols." There, sure enough, just
reading -      Reading. Then he suddenly rolled them all into a gigantic ball and
musgrave -      Musgrave still stood with a very pale face, swinging his lantern and
more -      all was quiet, so I took heart once more. I looked round, and there
well -      "'Well, I don't know now whether it was pure devilry on the part of
way -      you've got the brains. Surely you can think a way out of it. If
point -      his foot-marks:  one in the roadway itself, at the point where he had
street -      "Until we got three-quarters down Regent Street. Then my gentleman
milverton -      Milverton's smile broadened; he shrugged his shoulders, removed his
city -      Carson City through the mountains. You had best wake Lucy. It is as
cabin -      our own little cabin. As we steamed slowly up-stream again, we
ashes -      was knocking out the ashes of my pipe when I suddenly heard the clang
street -      Street picture galleries and fill in the time until we are due at the
moor -      as long as his eye was on me, and then I struck off across the moor
bridge -      the forehead and settled upon the bridge of his nose. "It is a
reach -      fortitude to reach the bank.
bow -      courteous bow. "His collaboration may be very necessary, for we are
old -      after a while, filling up his old brier-root pipe. "I was consulted
catch -      "Yes, but how can we get at the criminal's pocket before we catch the
began -      that this man began by taking off his wedding ring and concealing it;
ashes -      the fire had been lit. There was still a glowing pile of wood ashes
street -      before I had sprung into a hansom and was on my way to Baker Street.
carlton -      "The Carlton Club will find me. But in case of emergency, there is a
more -      face that it meant no more to him than to me.
thorn -      "Is that an English thorn?" he asked.
well -      "Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do
birmingham -      "'Be in Birmingham to-morrow at one,' said he. 'I have a note in my
london -      enough work to do to prevent your going to London, where you might
street -      returned to Baker Street for breakfast.
bush -      us have no more beating about the bush. What do you mean?"
valley -                The Boscombe Valley Mystery
sound -      came a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable. It was
lodge -      all right and that everything was in order at Wisteria Lodge."
mexico -      went prospecting in Arizona, and then I heard of him from New Mexico.
white -      ruddy cheeks and fluffy white side-whiskers. Holmes had drawn a
london -      London, it is very probable that these three were the only ones in
goat -      which is plucked in pieces alive, or a black goat, whose throat is
bow -      "That is better," said John Clay serenely. He made a sweeping bow to
how -      "I fail to see that anyone is to blame. I can hardly see how the lady
high -      "This is the place," said he as we came to two high park gates with
more -      explanation which is due to you, and even more to my long-suffering
way -      when I heard cries upon the moor. By the way"--his eyes darted again
well -      the principal hotels and stations, I got on pretty well.
well -      "Well, I went to Underwood, and asked him if he had sold a hat of
quick -      The two statesmen exchanged a quick glance and the Premier's shaggy
well -      him the utmost horror.  This, of course, fitted in well enough with
acton -      "Excellent!" cried Mr. Acton again.
lawn -      future brother-in-law. Holmes walked swiftly across the lawn, and we
spring -      It was a cold morning of the early spring, and we sat after breakfast
tor -      "Do you see that Black Tor over yonder? Well, do you see the low hill
close -      which was close on to midnight last night. It added that the case was
worth -      "It is worth a mud bath," said he. "It is our friend Sir Henry's
how -      "Excellent, Watson! And how did you localize me? You saw me, perhaps,
ham -      "Ham and eggs," I answered.
turn -      "Well, now, let us turn to this unfortunate German master. The boy
start -      McMurdo gave a violent start.
moor -      moor so as to get it home without exciting any remarks. He had
more -      "Oh, if you find your own cases more interesting than mine--" said
well -      "Well?" he asked. "What luck, Mr. Holmes?"
poldhu -      cottage near Poldhu Bay, at the further extremity of the Cornish
start -      "Then I'll start the smiting," exclaimed Ferrier furiously, and would
well -      "So far--so far, Watson. We advance, but the goal is afar. Well,
lock -      they are all safe under lock and key. Either the fear of the law or
more -      anything more singular. The fellow will be here presently for
town -      hospital at Cape Town and one from Southampton. Since then not a
street -      "Surely that is Baker Street," I answered, staring through the dim
worth -      order to play it at the moment when the stake is best worth winning.
well -      most noisy weapon he could select, knowing well that it will fetch
charles -      "Yes; he once came down to visit Sir Charles. He is a man of
row -      Such a one on the back of a smart hansom swept us past a row of
how -      "How do you do, Lord Cantlemere? It is chilly for the time of year,
staunton -      Staunton had crammed the note into his pocket. Staunton had not
langham -      Three times had our bearded friend from the Langham called for
lodge -      "Lodge 29, Chicago."
moor -      the shadows were thick upon the moor, and nothing moved upon its
anderson -      Russia, in the year '66, and of course there are the Anderson murders
read -      tack. Here it is, and you can read for yourself."
box -      "I have them," said Lestrade, producing a small white box; "I took
thorn -      discovered a thorn which had been driven or shot with no great force
way -      rooms. You will find us there, on our way to the station."
worth -      worth of cash and securities."
read -      places where I cannot read it at all."
church -      who has dropped into a church. Suddenly, to my surprise, the three at
raw -      I bathed his face in oil, put cotton wadding on the raw surfaces, and
well -      "You do indeed seem to know everything. Well, it is true. Barney and
how -      question as to the authorship. See how the irrepressible Greek e will
well -      "Well, let it rest at that. I'll bear what you have said in mind, and
old -      He held out his snuffbox of old gold, with a great amethyst in the
well -      long, curved nose like the beak of an eagle. He was well dressed, but
dundee -      "'From Dundee,' I answered, glancing at the postmark.
more -      her since, nor do I know anything more about this strange business.
hole -      side. A black hole yawned beneath into which we all peered, while
street -      bristling black beard walking slowly down the centre of the street
old -      old days Stamford had never been a particular crony of mine, but now
steep -      Between a slop-shop and a gin-shop, approached by a steep flight of
start -      "Oh, the mystery!" he answered, coming back with a start to the
quarter -      and you keep the other quarter for yourself.'
thames -      the Islander. Somewhere in the dark ooze at the bottom of the Thames
street -      Street. Since the tragic upshot of our visit to Devonshire he had
woolwich -      them,' said I. 'There will be a dreadful row at Woolwich if they are
town -      town."
butt -      throat; but I struck him on the head with the butt of my revolver and
city -      city. Mud-colored clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down
well -      came. Once--well, I can hardly tell about the once to an official
rooms -      to whether it is possible to get comfortable rooms at a reasonable
rocks -      showing up hard and bright against the grey rocks behind. At the
street -      the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my
well -      however. Well, about two in the morning I had sunk into a light sleep
hope -      inspector remained upon the premises in the hope that the ebbing tide
drawbridge -      the curtain. Thence he could see the drawbridge go up, and he knew
well -      not a loyal brother. We know that well. So we watch him and we wait
whitney -      Isa Whitney, brother of the late Elias Whitney, D.D., Principal of
lawn -      a vague impression of a lawn and trees on each side of me as I
victory -      victory," he said. "You've done splendid work and taken risks, and I
send -      there, to send out a small yacht provisioned for a voyage, which was
more -      francs--more than forty thousand pounds--at the Portalis sale may
decoy -      character of his sister. The idea of using her as a decoy was clearly
pocket -      uses a cigar-holder, and carries a blunt pen-knife in his pocket.
lodge -      and I was forced to join the local lodge, same as you did last night.
sea -      Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea
wood -      his skull in. You can see the split in the wood now where I hit him.
simpson -      this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way
well -      "Excellent. You carried the thing out very well. Did you observe
sea -      bottom of the sea. We had a faithful friend, however, who is a
lady -      sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter,
martin -      Inspector Martin, the old, grey-headed country doctor, myself, and a
lodge -      continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the
more -      turned, and then settled down once more into a deep slumber. Holmes
ashes -      There, sure enough, I perceived a number of flaky ashes, and round
citadel -      within the citadel, and it was a woman. Who then but Miss Burnet, the
point -      "Well, there is just one point."
staining -      perfectly clear from their blurred appearance, and from the staining
law -      bachelor, were all matters which are outside the pale of the law. But
way -      "Suppose we go down-stream a short way and lie in wait for them,"
baldwin -      "That he never leaves the valley," said Baldwin.
worth -      "Yes, it's worth it," the other answered, "to those that are loyal
close -      are all to be gathered from a close examination of the lower part of
well -      I knew the lad well, and I loved him for his many excellent
east -      was found are those which run from west to east, some being purely
well -      "All would now have been well for them had it not been for my
old -      servant be so anxious to master this old formula? Evidently because
well -      cursed this brute who mishandled the woman that I loved. Well,
lodge -      The door of Briony Lodge was open, and an elderly woman stood upon
oldacre -      Mr. Jonas Oldacre. It is at least certain that a warrant has been
way -      possible way of escaping. He could not explain what had become of the
way -      So saying I raised my hat and went upon my way, leaving them still
valley -      reached us! I guess he won't show his face in this valley again."
how -      how accident occurred.
coat -      say that I rushed for my coat and my hat. As we drove back I asked
more -      "I'll go now. Anything more?"
well -      "Well, we'll hope he won't fail and that Lord Cantlemere will be
more -      think of it, and feeling once more that sudden flood of joy,
ross -      Ross, that it is possible to make a slight nick upon the tendons of a
well -      "My dear fellow, I know you well. I know the military neatness which
town -      "As it happens, he spoke of coming into town to-day upon some most
rope -      clearing up of over forty mysteries, and the rope for all of them;
church -      upon us, save for the chimes of the distant church, which told us of
kensington -      "Kensington Outrage. Murder by a Madman," and the contents of the
bold -      other. There are only those three capable of playing so bold a game;
way -      to them that it would be better in every way that they should make
hebron -      lived in the town of Atlanta, where she married this Hebron, who was
box -      "Your net and box would have told me as much," said I, "for I knew
lady -      "Well, that gives us a limit. Our lady enters this room and what does
send -      the only message I can send him." She turned her face to the wall and
well -      "Well, we're bound to take you on your own terms," said the
coat -      "Those hairs are threads from a tweed coat. The irregular gray masses
how -      how often your man came home the other road, or was down in town when
way -      the same way by the sight which met their eyes.
well -      "Have seen this humble home again. I was well aware of it. We all
more -      did not know how to counter it. He turned to his more astute comrade
how -      "Can you give us any idea how long your husband had been downstairs
home -      the other side. Some of the blows of my cane came home and roused its
east -      the east side. This man declares that he was not absent from his post
old -      of old man Crabbe over at Stylestown, and who's to say which fired
point -      away in the black distance there still glowed that one tiny point of
norwood -      upon the Norwood tragedy. They all appeared to be rather hostile to
edge -      hams with his forehead sunk upon the edge of the box and his two arms
close -      "Just close the door," said Holmes. "Now, Mr. Gilchrist, we are all
ashes -      once slumbered. The ashes of a fire were heaped in a rude grate.
way -      "But we have a long way still to go. Kindly walk clear of the path.
howe -      commands a view down Howe Street, with its ore pretentious houses.
lady -      "Where is the Lady Frances Carfax?" I asked.
way -      "Surely, Mr. Barnes! We certainly shall. By the way, that was a most
guards -      the guards, makes his way to the dying man's window, and is only
piece -      this piece of paper which you have shown us into the brass box which
soar -      "'Pooh, man; you should soar above it. You are not in your true
how -      How our hydraulic engineer had been conveyed from the garden to the
county -      'Why, we should have the whole county laughing at us.'
old -      again hushed amid the leaves, and the old trees shot their branches
georgia -      Calhoun, Barque Lone Star, Savannah, Georgia."
eye -      railway guards, and lie on my face with a lens to my eye--it is not
steps -      He mounted the steps, and, seizing a rafter with either hand, he
bath -      boots are nearly new. Well, what remains? The bath. Absurd, is it
old -      old sitting-room of the ancient hotel, with a bottle of the famous
turn -      "It may turn out to be of more interest than you think. You remember
haven -      Haven with the hope that one free end of this tangled skein was
eye -      had an eye upon him. Mister Von Bork, you have a great deal to answer
hope -      "Seven from five," returned Jefferson Hope promptly, remembering the
quick -      "Quick, Watson, quick! Get it back again!" The wooden lid was
bold -      bed just over his chest. On it was printed, in bold straggling
wooden -      By the table, in a wooden arm-chair, the master of the house was
more -      end. If you will come round once more to my rooms at six o'clock
city -      afternoon, he walked into my office in the City. But I was still more
true -      really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed
lady -      "Because you have just as good a chance of finding this lady in the
success -      severely. "You have already imperilled the whole success of our
south -      constructed, the first fruit of Sir Charles's South African gold.
charles -      discovered upon Sir Charles's person, and though the doctor's
sudden -      with his back turned and a letter in front of him. A sudden spirit of
lodge -      in a curving staircase, with the commissionaire's lodge in the
quick -      have a quick eye for colour. Never trust to general impressions, my
lady -      Morrison, but more than ever convinced that the young lady held the
old -      examining the windows and the geranium beds. Within we met a gray old
well -      "Well, Watson, what make you of that?" asked Holmes with the air of
coat -      coat of some sort, or a plaid perhaps. When I rose from my father I
quick -      see him, but she says that she could not be mistaken in his quick,
old -      to me. Guess I'm too old to learn. If he comes browsing about this
well -      "'Well, it is a little awkward, for I have a business already,' said
pocket -      from his pocket. "Here is a photograph of the couple taken in York
how -      "Most preposterous!" I exclaimed, and then suddenly realizing how he
westminster -      George Street, Westminster; Louis La Rothiere, of Campden Mansions,
laid -      can reach it." He rose, and laid a written paper upon a side-table.
street -      Street would have failed to recognise him. His face flushed and
charles -      written to Sir Charles upon that date?"
station -      from the direction of the Metropolitan Station no one was coming save
park -      then play up to the idea by leaving this bicycle in the park as proof
how -      was fond of. How long will it be first?"
lead -      glimmered dully like a sheet of lead. The place was deserted and
sovereign -      Church of St. Monica,' said I, 'and half a sovereign if you reach it
how -      your amazing professional powers. But how--"
way -      He led the way into his bedroom, which was large and comfortably
london -      be our London acquaintance, Mr. John Mason, the trainer.
jump -      feeling sore when you jump in with methods which we cannot use, and
high -      nose, a high, bald forehead, and a huge grizzled moustache. An
white -      white lamb, she might well be surprised when she read death on a face
saints -      jurisdiction of the Saints. They had reached the very wildest and
hilton -      "Because I had a wire from Hilton Cubitt this morning--you remember
how -      "How can you tell that?"
twenty -      die. "Why not here, as well as in a feather bed, twenty years hence,"
castle -      Carston Castle, Bangor, Wales. Lord of the Admiralty, 1872; Chief
point -      "Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
white -      One eye was already white and glazed. The other was red and inflamed.
close -      "Yes, sir, very close."
london -      London. The thing takes shape, Watson. It becomes coherent. Might I
midway -      had stood. It was nearly midway between the oak and the house. My
old -      sharing all his plans with him. There was an old manservant at
woolwich -      departure from Woolwich, and Admiral Sinclair to his arrival in
well -      round to all the posts, to make sure that all was well.
turn -      good turn. Then, again, I have heard it is no use your applying if
well -      "By thunder, you're right! Well, if that isn't smart!" cried Sir
norwood -      Norwood afterwards. Well, this injury, as he would consider it, has
edge -      between them they tipped the box over the edge. For a minute or two
moat -      that his only escape was through the moat. He waited until
street -      "It's the Baker Street division of the detective police force," said
way -      assistant. But he could not help me in any way. He could only say
point -      that point.
way -      Finally we found our way to Scotland Yard. There had been
more -      you a more detailed account of this curious case. I do not know that
lake -      "That wouldn't do, sir. You might chance to find yourself in the lake
moor -      "In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. They left on
london -      It will be a London job before it is finished." He raised the hand
marley -      Marley Creek," McMurdo's neighbour informed him.
lady -      you that I know the young lady in question very well.  If you should
brixton -      last heard of at a nursing-home in Brixton. It was a glad day at the
hayes -      "Why, Mr. Reuben Hayes," said Holmes, coolly, "one might think that
high -      curving drive which was banked with high evergreen shrubs. It was an
bohemia -      Bohemia."
university -      gentleman in this University who is capable of profiting by such an
chatham -      Charing Cross to Chatham at six in the morning, and we should be at
street -      the wind howled down Baker Street, while the rain beat fiercely
well -      "Well, now, let us take up line B, which concerns Sir Robert. He is
well -      "I was not sure, but I know now. Well now, Susan, it will be worth
way -      the way. My companion lounged in his arm-chair with his usual
lady -      "There is a central heating furnace in the cellar under Lady
well -      "Yes, I remember it well."
street -      Street with hardly a coat to his back or a boot to his foot.
settle -      it was not unnatural that when they came to settle down they should
stone -      record strange monuments of stone, irregular mounds which contained
merton -      "Something in the street," said Merton. "Now look here, guv'nor,
start -      severely. "You start me on my investigation with a very serious
hope -      full of hope, to find some peace, some comfort, and instead--" She
how -      have changed my clothes I can't imagine how you deduce it. As to Mary
close -      "A cold hand seemed to close round my heart. Some one, then, was in
knock -      "About ten minutes later a knock came at the door, and here we made
water -      water, and it's a question whether we shall ever be able to get him
well -      "I'll see to that," said the American. "Well," he added, looking at
well -      "Well, the immediate question, my dear Watson, happens to be, What
read -      he read:
more -      came more rapidly than before--so rapid that it was hard to follow
wall -      wall that night.
more -      a long, whirling, grinding noise, ending once more in a powerful
mortimer -      the sitting-room fronted, and from it, according to Mortimer
water -      from the water?"
well -      "Well, if you take that line, Mr. Barker," said the inspector
letters -      letters. My client will certainly do what I may advise. I shall
lodge -      "There's not a weak man in the lodge," cried McGinty. "True as steel,
glass -      blood. My glass allowed me to observe that the plaster was slightly
well -      "Well, he must take it as it is and chance it. There's not a moment
friendly -      "His Grace is never very friendly with anyone. He is completely
steps -      We heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of
field -      difficult to name any articles which afford a finer field for
pocket -      objects, such as coins or keys, in the same pocket. Surely it is no
close -      friend, and his welfare is a very close concern of mine. Tell me why
scotland -      police had to be called in, they had to communicate with Scotland
well -      "Well, if that's all you have against him," cried McGinty with a
bohemia -      in 1891 that "A Scandal in Bohemia," the first of the long series of
street -      his waking hours in the bow window of a St. James's Street club and
turn -      We turn to the country on the north. Here there lies a grove of
more -      sadly out from that grisly ruin did but make the view more awful.
america -      possible. When we had fled to America Gennaro thought that he had
sutherland -      singular experience of Miss Mary Sutherland, the problem connected
cross -      stairs and then to cross the head of a passage which led to the
way -      "Well, I was never in luck's way long. Suddenly, without a note of
well -      smile. "Well, I guess you gentlemen are only doing your clear duty
way -      the arch-criminal's subordinates--had in some way betrayed the chief.
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins drew from his pocket a drab-covered note-book. The
scott -           The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles
old -      "They are both old and tried servants."
more -      countryside might excite more gossip than I care for. No doubt you
close -      in a lamp, and close at her heels came my friend Trevor, pale but
old -      jutted out the grey gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
london -      "Then I understand that on your arrival in London yesterday you went
how -      "But how about the chance of his holding someone up before he goes?"
thames -      window, and it disappeared into the Thames. The other clothes would
wing -      "'I was foolish enough to go into the empty wing,' I answered. 'But
real -      Besides, there was no real difficulty. I went with Musgrave to his
philadelphia -      Philadelphia, and care nothing for our threats. We can take it out of
reach -      "Because you are within my reach again," I said, taking her hand. She
hatherley -      learned that he gave him Hatherley Farm rent free."
more -      now, through the fall in agricultural prices, not more than Â£750.
lady -      young lady to whom half of it rightfully belongs. Let her be the
how -      "Why, that's true, sir," he said; "though how you come to know it,
leslie -      "Dr. Leslie Armstrong is certainly a man of energy and character,"
wheel -      of aniseed over the hind wheel. A draghound will follow aniseed from
lawn -      then, leaving us on the lawn, he went indoors. An hour later, when we
windle -      the following letter from Division Master Windle of Merton County
west -      able to block the west, and also to be able to say that the fugitives
flash -      flash of light. A silver-and-brilliant pendant of old Spanish design
more -      grip was not much more feeble than his own." As he spoke he picked up
dull -      "The London criminal is certainly a dull fellow," said he in the
success -      Twice already in his career had Holmes helped him to attain success,
clatter -      stairs, a clatter of high voices, and in rushed a dozen dirty and
well -      upon the floor. It is just as well it does not."
hope -      Mr. Trelawney Hope dropped his head on his chest and groaned aloud.
well -      "I know that well. But you are the one that I can speak to and be
dull -      "It certainly did cross my mind that it might be a little dull--less
well -      appearance, as well as from his general conduct, I am inclined to
more -      little, Watson, I don't doubt that the affair will grow more
old -      an old woman, whose name is not mentioned, and the other was William
eye -      to see me. With hardly a word spoken, but with a kindly eye, he waved
well -      all," I said to myself, "I may as well give up the attempt at once."
street -      busy of late, for the notes which I had from Baker Street were few
moor -      is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor. I
steps -      to him about it," said he. "Two or three times I have heard his steps
street -      403 Brook Street."
laid -      committed, and I think I have now laid bare every detail of it."
more -      more than an hour after that I heard my mistress scream, and down I
common -      such an arrangement, though he had little in common with his lodger,
street -      corner of Goodge Street, a goose and a black felt hat. Mr. Henry
london -      he: "When I was speaking to the other chap in London, at the time
charles -      "I only meant, sir, that Sir Charles led a very retired life, and we
wall -      foremost pursuer panting behind us. It was a six-foot wall which
court -      his gaze I saw the picture of a regal and stately lady in Court
well -      "Well at least they gave that impression. However, we will suppose
herefordshire -      He picked out from his bundle a copy of the local Herefordshire
well -      "No, sir; I believe you mean well by me. But we all have our own
bonds -      bonds. We verified that."
wall -      "I stood up and examined the rocky wall behind me. In your
box -      to us. At one side of this was a squat, brass-bound wooden box, the
how -      "I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that,
well -      "It suggested that at the time of the firing the window as well as
mason -      "You spoke of some bones, Mr. Mason. Could you show them before you
london -      "No, your secret lies in London. It is there that I shall seek it."
tore -      him and tore him away to the centre of the room. Sherlock Holmes
london -      starting for London. I learned that your object was to invite Mr.
how -      "How about poison?"
stone -      "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a
lady -      friend of Lady Frances Carfax who is inquiring after her just now.
way -      "It is not for me, my dear Watson, to stand in the way of the
hampstead -                                      Hampstead.
mortimer -      heard my name from our mutual friend, Mortimer. I am Stapleton, of
start -      but we have always some material basis on which to start our
more -      morning on his bicycle, and no more was heard of him until our
old -      his old books, and alternating from week to week between cocaine and
wilson -      "Not at all. This gentleman, Mr. Wilson, has been my partner and
well -      very young man. He had prospered well, and Barker had first met him
nook -      bedroom, with flowers arranged daintily in every nook and corner. A
home -      home with me, for the blithe Shinwell will be there with his report."
rose -      The Gold King gave a violent start and half rose from his chair. Then
heads -      heads, and to need only a gust of wind to come hurtling down upon
turn -      turn me sick now when I think of it. We were so cowed by the sight
ripple -      ripple, which has caused our friend considerable perplexity and
rise -      alone could rise superior to petty influences. He held his open
letters -      inspector has formed the opinion that the letters are all practical
how -      betrayal was imminent. So far it seemed clear enough. But then how
deal -      has certainly been down here a good deal. He is a man who might be
dollar -      dime a dollar for what the business is worth--the better it will be
douglas -      struggle--Douglas may have gripped the hammer that was found upon the
devonshire -      will be as safe in Devonshire as in London. He comes in fifty
wilson -      last, you won't be wrong. And you, Wilson."
more -      "Now, Mr. Holmes, we will give you something a little more recent.
well -      "'Well, well,' said he, at last.  'It seems a pity, but I have done
white -      flint within me. When he saw my white face he gave a little chirrup
lead -      Now let us follow the trail. I fear that it will not lead very far."
dunlop -      to. The other is the bicycle with the patched Dunlop. Before we start
junction -      "'If you walk on a mile or so to Clapham Junction,' said he, 'you'll
more -      business, and the more I see of it the less I like it. Yes, my dear
guide -      ending in a door. Our guide knocked, and then ushered us into the
coat -      "He was bare-headed, but he had a black coat thrown over his shoulder
well -      ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force,
way -      "The most practical way of getting at it, in my opinion, is to
sound -      just to see her dainty form about the house, and to hear the sound of
well -      being a person of refinement and well dressed, they are, as you
more -      which brought more peril to my friend than all the storms of his
london -      one. I have ample evidence that you are being dogged in London, and
old -      pulled up I inquired if Sir Robert was at Shoscombe Old Place.
hints -      he was wrong too. You have thrown out hints here, and hints there,
victoria -      cab at the door, and it won't take us twenty minutes to Victoria. But
bank -      southern bank, while we shot past her stern, only clearing her by a
more -      "Your discoveries seem to have left the business more obscure that it
weald -      impenetrable "weald," for sixty years the bulwark of Britain. Vast
dun -      the carpet was of a dun colour, which lends itself very well to
common -      have some confidence in the common sense of our jurisdiction and to
twenty -      "The marks were some twenty yards from the body and no one gave them
high -      man of high temper, who would not take an insult even from the
cross -      thousand pounds. It would be as well, perhaps, for you to cross it.
more -      the whole caravan was winding along once more. The Elder to whose
lead -      "My heart had turned to lead. 'It is K. K. K.,' said I.
london -      had not been in London all the time. Suppose that it were so--suppose
well -      "Well, I have not made such a journey for years."
sand -      little dog's spoor upon the sand round the very rock on which his
how -      "How hard you are!" she cried. "May I tell you the whole story?"
london -      of a morning--well, sir, you'd have thought it was a London fog. Poor
loose -      cried. "Satan himself is loose in it! We are given over into his
bare -      "Sold out of geese, I see," continued Holmes, pointing at the bare
steps -      heard steps behind me, and there was my wife in her dressing-gown.
how -      How shall I ever forget that dreadful vigil? I could not hear a
stone -      stammering, with the great yellow stone on his shaking palm.
laid -      "What is the meaning of it, Watson?" said Holmes solemnly as he laid
steps -      heard the rush of steps below, and only just had time to close the
stockdale -      them. It is that gang of Barney Stockdale, with the big nigger in
street -      He gave a shrill whistle, on which a street Arab led across a
street -      misdirected. Possibly if you tried farther down the street--"
edge -      Ocean appeared over the green edge of the Norfolk coast, and the
droop -      upon the ledge of the open window, and I saw his long moustache droop
mere -      or two small things--mere formalities--which I must arrange with you.
point -      obvious point of my travels. In the disguise of a workingman he had
read -      to do with our client, so far as I can read the situation. It is
yonder -      than he who is lying yonder"--he swept his long arm towards the huge
baldwin -      handsome face of Ted Baldwin among them. Each of these wore some
portsmouth -      "Egypt," "Portsmouth forts," "The Channel," "Rosythe," and a score of
more -      much as a glimpse of him--it's more than I can stand. My husband is
friendly -      friendly footing. She used to be at the Allegro. I have not treated
haven -      "'Ah, boys,' said he, forcing a smile, 'I hope I haven't frightened
spring -      spring lock, and Holmes promised to see that all was safe before we
more -      have had none more fantastic than this."
green -      mechanic. Finally I heard a click, the broad green door swung open,
shop -      shop, there lives a well-known medical practitioner, named Dr.
rooms -      "No difficulty in the world," Soames answered. "This set of rooms is
greet -      do. We have a new brother here, Baldwin, and it's not for us to greet
box -      so good! The box is a yellow, half-pound honeydew box, with nothing
wooden -      and heavy with the brown opium smoke, and terraced with wooden
sudden -      Then come the sudden swirl round of the wind, the blistering gale
how -      No one knows a word of the matter, but you can imagine how maddening
lady -      lady had taken a quick step forward and had held out her hand to him,
steps -      what steps you like. As I have already said, there is no man living
wish -      you, Mr. Sandeford; here is your money, and I wish you a very good
more -      What does man want more? He has given me an extra pair of eyes upon a
norwood -      certainly have to go to Norwood and see Brother Bartholomew. We shall
how -      Bedford, and to see for myself how the ground lay. I wrote to the
hilton -      Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street
pocket -      and crumpled it into his pocket. "That's all right," said he.
deal -      "Evidently," said I, "Mr. Wilson's assistant counts for a good deal
well -      "I knew Mr. McPherson well enough to be aware that he was a brave and
well -      "Well, what have you done?" I asked.
home -      home instantly and act."
stanley -      We loitered the morning away in the garden. Stanley Hopkins had gone
wish -      Lestrade entered. "I wish that you would take them away altogether."
moorland -      of the moorland shepherds taking out his father's dinner."
city -      lowest portions of the City. Nothing could exceed his energy when the
way -      houses until you got half way to the station. My business took me
white -      under the charge of one white man and two or three natives. I was
baldwin -      to Baldwin. "I'm quick to quarrel and quick to forgive. It's my hot
sheet -      threw over a sheet of thick, pink-tinted note-paper which had been
way -      decisions. Everything gave way to his duty. He followed the man,
well -      "Well, your own good sense will suggest what measures I took next. I
eye -      eye over them.'
coat -      must help me on with my coat. When we have finished at the
lady -      imagine that it could come from anyone but the lady. And so, my dear
york -      Lucca. I am Emilia Lucca, and we are both from New York. Where is
village -      prospect that Birlstone may soon grow from an ancient village into a
way -      way, which can very readily be done, and then I make my bow and
street -      Baker Street. The one, austere, high-nosed, eagle-eyed, and dominant,
more -      quietly, we will soon make him cut a much more respectable figure."
moor -      followed the Inspector outside. A short walk across the moor took us
trevor -      message which might well drive old Trevor to despair.
how -      than your deserts from that, Mr. Douglas. But I would ask you how did
old -      old quarters."
woodley -      his assault was not viewed very gravely by the Court, since Woodley
more -      sitting-room of the lodging-house, one more dim light glimmered high
main -      "I think that you will find all the main ones in the press reports. I
lady -      such bad taste to have treated a young lady in so scurvy a fashion.
how -      "Then how could it leave the despatch-box?"
settle -      utmost importance that Sir Charles's heir should settle at the Hall
well -      enough to assure us that the case before us might well be worthy of
trevor -      "Mr. Trevor stood slowly up, fixed his large blue eyes upon me with a
stout -      were their features that, save for his black beard and stout figure,
way -      was a fine tall woman, black and quick and fierce, with a proud way
roundhay -      police, but I should be exceedingly obliged, Mr. Roundhay, if you
langham -      down at once, giving the Langham Hotel as his address. His message,
court -      crop of a goose in Tottenham Court Road at the other. You see,
sale -      the sale of those casts I observed that the date was June 3rd of last
merton -      "Yes, Brother Morris. It has been bought by the State & Merton County
hardest -      Holmes's criminals this was the one whom he would find it hardest to
reading -      sitting there reading by the table. It was quarter-past ten when she
brunton -      nothing of the fate either of Rachel Howells or of Richard Brunton.
street -      whether it was ever possible from our windows in Baker Street to see
pickwick -      broad, golden-rimmed glasses. There was something of Mr. Pickwick's
how -      "Who is this person? What does he want? Dear me, Staples, how often
lawn -      lawn.  The lawn is thirty yards across, and is only divided from the
rocks -      ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its
staunton -      Godfrey Staunton--you've heard of him, of course? He's simply the
sundial -      "'What papers? What sundial?' he asked.
southampton -      a man standing in the Southampton Road, a small bearded man in a grey
old -      his old energy.
well -      "Well, I don't know about that, sir."
well -      "I've less reason to wish the Dook well than most men," said he, "for
stone -      arrested the same evening; but the stone could not be found either
wish -      If you wish to see them you must go to the outhouse."
pool -      "And one who was at home in the district, for the pool can only be
old -      and loaded the rusty old shotgun which hung upon the wall of his
jump -      "'Ah, that is the point. Jump in and we can talk it over while we
street -      should he leave the girl in the street and dart away to commit a
turn -      me a good turn by offering me a clerkship in a dry goods store."
read -      had to read it over carefully, as the text must be absolutely
countess -      from the jewel-case of the Countess of Morcar the valuable gem known
old -      firm land again. He held an old black boot in the air. "Meyers,
bengal -      Sumatra, in the Bay of Bengal.' Hum! hum!  What's all this? Moist
desborough -      Desborough, their horse, was second in the betting, they had an
douglas -      "But why 'Douglas' and 'Birlstone'?"
spring -      spring of 1891, I saw in the papers that he had been engaged by the
more -      "We might possibly want him. Well, we can do no more until we see how
more -      for a few hours to something more cheerful."
way -      hunted creature who feels the nets around it, but can see no way out
white -      "What!" Sherlock Holmes staggered back, white with chagrin and
touch -      certain crimes which the law cannot touch, and which therefore, to
leeds -      confess that once when I was very young I confused the Leeds Mercury
station -      Euston Station about half-past eight on the evening of the third. At
reddish -      deduction. Observation tells me that you have a little reddish mould
way -      the way into the hall.  Through the glass paneling I caught a glimpse
america -      America. I saw the American stamp. She turned deadly white, read the
street -      street. The occasional lamps gleamed on the expanse of muddy road and
princetown -      "There's a convict escaped from Princetown, sir. He's been out three
home -      mate Scanlan not been at hand to lead him home, the feted hero would
way -      way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them
well -      "I think I shall have a pull at that flask, Holmes.  Well, I think we
row -      can't lay a finger on it until we all three stand in a row.
wilson -      blazing, fiery red. Now, if you cared to apply, Mr. Wilson, you would
more -      have done it in cold blood. It was a hundred times more difficult
steps -      enough for a man to pass through. At the foot of the steps a long
true -      "That, I am sure, cannot he true." said I, thinking of the beautiful
desborough -      Pyland horses, and also about Desborough, the second favorite, which
how -      "Everything is known, Colonel Walter," said Holmes. "How an English
oath -      "With an oath Miss Winter darted forward, and if I had not caught her
well -      and in an hour we were well out at sea. Tonga had brought all his
home -      cabman as a confidant. They had driven him home a dozen times from
more -      nothing more to be learned here. Let us go down."
true -      "To give me a true account of all that happened at the Abbey Grange
west -      "Cadogen West? I have heard the name."
well -      him go. To-morrow, Watson--well, to-morrow will speak for itself."
eccles -      "I can make nothing of this mystification of Scott Eccles."
mortimer -      companion, "that Dr. Mortimer is a successful, elderly medical man,
how -      "Then how do you know about his rooms?"
farnham -      Farnham. Mr. Carruthers was a widower, but he had engaged a
manifold -      you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart.
more -      We clambered up through the hole. Holmes turned his light once more
london -      in London and took us to live with him in the old ancestral house at
more -      "Not at all, your Grace. I was never more earnest in my life."
well -      "Well, then, everyone is agreed that after the alarm was given only a
wilson -      "What has the man done?" asked young Wilson.
more -      not more than twelve. If Garcia could do whatever he had to do and be
piece -      me, sobbing and trembling, and as white as a piece of paper. There
hope -      Haven with the hope that one free end of this tangled skein was
old -      particular evening old Amberley, wishing to give his wife a treat,
well -      "I gather that you did not know your wife well at the time of your
home -      Isa. He has not been home for two days. I am so frightened about
prescott -      He was a tall, bearded man with very dark features. Now, Prescott,
more -      is anything you would wish more light upon--well, I am here to give
start -      eight-and-twenty hours' start."
falmouth -      Falmouth.
lady -      "Undoubtedly it is blood. This alone puts the lady's story out of
slack -      "He said that we were slack about such matters--that it would be easy
close -      client is in close contact with some one who, for good or evil, has
plush -      had nothing fit to wear, when I had my purple plush that I had never
water -      elevation, in the vain hope of seeing some signs of water. Now the
read -      "Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road--249," read Holmes.
hope -      only hope of safety."
well -      Watson. Well, we shall see. By the way, you have that big umbrella of
real -      needs some little editing to soften it into the terms of real life.
thames -      long series of bridges which span the Thames. As we passed the City
raw -      greater wonder and pleasure in a raw subaltern than was now reflected
lodge -      "I live at Torrington Lodge, Blackheath, with my parents, Mr. Holmes;
petty -      twice already been in jail--once for a petty theft and once, as we
true -      him and he spoke in a feeble voice, it is true, but with even more
fitzroy -      Fitzroy Simpson's shoes, and a cast horseshoe of Silver Blaze."
field -      meet anyone, and then they managed to slip into a field, and so avoid
eye -      "My dear fellow, he will guard it as the apple of his eye. He knows
white -      The heavy white face was seamed with lines of trouble, the hanging
baldwin -      Ted Baldwin looked at McMurdo with eyes which showed that he had not
chase -      they were too excited in the chase after you to observe it at the
harker -      your bust, Mr. Harker?"
selden -      "It is Selden, the Notting Hill murderer."
street -      Jonas Pinto, in the Lake Saloon, Market Street, Chicago, in the New
haven -      "Perhaps I have. Perhaps I haven't. I may be able to say more soon.
street -      Godolphin Street, one of the old-fashioned and secluded rows of
reading -      I looked at him he had finished reading the note, and his eyes had
charing -      Finally he drove round to the Charing Cross telegraph office, sent
way -      that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food,
simpson -      understanding between Simpson and these gypsies, might he not have
mere -      fainted at the mere sight of him, so terrible was the effect.  It was
beer -      ordered two glasses of beer from the ruddy-faced, white-aproned
plump -      his eyes so merry that he still conveyed the impression of a plump
lead -      publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous state of
cross -      Chicago and swore vows of charity and fidelity, did ever it cross
twenty -      was a narrow belt of sodden grass twenty paces across between the
london -      senders to travel the distance. But this one comes from London, and
cross -      cross his path. Violence of temper approaching to mania has been
how -      "And how do you propose to do so?"
true -      I felt more than ever how true a descendant he was of that long line
ordnance -      an ordnance map of the county out upon the seat and was busy with his
read -      dancing Irish deviltry had gone from her lover's eyes. She read his
lady -      servants that the heavy trunk in the lady's bedroom was always
real -      anyone. And the queer thing about it is that the real owner is
how -      useless expense, for how could you possibly find this Hosmer Angel?"
norfolk -      "That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, Norfolk, is
sound -      his wooden leg cocked over his sound one. As I exhibited the empty
rose -      places. When we rose again I observed that Holmes's eyes were shining
white -      half a mile from the house, and still that dense white sea, with the
eye -      with me. "I have my eye on a suite in Baker Street," he said, "which
brixton -      "this is the Brixton Road, and that is the house, if I am not very
way -      "I assured him that I was not offended. 'By the way,' said I, 'you
home -      quarter-past nine Mrs. Barclay returned home, having left Miss
wall -      crouched back against the wall and I did the same, my hand closing
laid -      afterwards under Hood, where he rose to be a colonel. When Lee laid
lady -      "Then I'll tell our story right away," said the lady. "Frank here and
forth -      pouring forth interminable trains of symptoms, and imploring
moor -      moor was drifting closer and closer to the house. Already the first
street -      "He's in all right, Mr. Holmes," cried a small street Arab, running
street -      Edward Street, near St. Paul's.'
stones -      examine minutely the cracks between the stones. A few seconds
lane -      large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane. This he
send -      interest of the family to get rid of the delinquent and send him
lady -      my dear young lady?'
sound -      "I don't know. It's a sound they have on the moor. I heard it once
read -      the cruet-stand and read it while he ate. Once or twice he chuckled.
well -      Shipping Company. Now, if you are well up in your London, you will
white -      save a pair of keen dark eyes, overhung by bushy white brows, and
read -      which Holmes read with an exclamation of interest and threw across to
carey -      still in the possession of Carey, and young Neligan, according to his
well -      "Oh, you did, did you? Well, you couldn't prove it, anyhow. But what
overton -      the card of Mr. Cyril Overton, of Trinity College, Cambridge,
way -      which we travel, and make our way at our leisure into Switzerland,
high -      high shafts of the collieries towering above them. Huddled groups of
lane -      lodge in Swandam Lane, where I could every morning emerge as a
way -      "By the way," said he suddenly, "I think I'll take one of these
point -      Ralph Smith's relations? One more point. What sort of a menage is it
mere -      "Porlock, Watson, is a nom-de-plume, a mere identification mark; but
merton -      "What is it, then?" asked Merton anxiously as his companion turned to
park -      into the crowd at the Old Deer Park. I expect I have changed a bit
sound -      "What do they call this sound?" he asked.
how -      can never come back, how can I leave you behind, and me perhaps in
east -      East.  It was quite necessary for us to find some one to take his
how -      "Very possible. How about these papers?"
how -      and how was it committed? Of course, if Dr. Mortimer's surmise should
baldwin -      prime themselves for the work before them. Baldwin and Cormac were
well -      "Next time I came back from sea I heard of her marriage. Well, why
grange -      the Abbey Grange was sufficiently strange to arrest his attention and
town -      see this other page in red ink? Well, that is a list of my town
camps -      Detroit, and the lumber camps of Michigan, and finally of Chicago,
main -      "The effect of our inquiries at Woolwich has in the main been against
laid -      and laid her hand lightly upon his bended shoulders.
lady -      As she ran into the room she saw her employer, the lady, leaning over
well -      whispering fashion of speech. He was always well dressed, very neat
keeping -      Coram. He was an invalid, keeping his bed half the time, and the
steps -      her, had hurried up the steps; but she stood at the top with her
touch -      establish personal touch with those with whom I do business. There
guide -      "No, your boy had been observed, and that gave me a guide where to
highways -      suburban highways. Right in the middle of them, a little island of
lock -      just over the lock with the flat of his foot and it flew open. Pistol
london -      events in London did not run so well as I had hoped, for the trial of
more -      revellers stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it
london -      London. That is the man who is after me to-night, Watson, and that is
graven -      conclusion. The incidents of the next few days are indelibly graven
way -      somehow. The hardest job was to learn my way about, for I reckon that
more -      gentlemen, every word of it, and I heard no more about it until that
more -      meet me no more. But the other day I had a notice that I was to start
height -      visitors were two in number, one remarkable for his height (as I
point -      separate chains of thought, Watson, you will find some point of
lewes -      to handle, and I'll hear of it from Lewes if I go wrong."
charles -      Hallamshire since 1900. Married Edith, daughter of Sir Charles
well -      meet you face to face, and alone. Well, Charles Milverton, what have
mortimer -      of the past. Sir Henry and Dr. Mortimer were, however, in London, on
main -      the main door and the drawbridge. The latter had not been raised.
charing -      Charing Cross to Chatham at six in the morning, and we should be at
more -      more clearly what it is that you wish me to do.'
knock -      the dwelling house, at the door of which he gave a resounding knock.
town -      how often your man came home the other road, or was down in town when
close -      only be valid up to one o'clock. As the number of large houses close
gravel -      but the household was not yet stirring. You drew some of the gravel
friendly -      have been on a friendly footing for some years--I may say on a very
mark -      this? There can be no doubt that it is a blood mark." He was pointing
shoscombe -      "halt-on-demand" station of Shoscombe. The rack above us was covered
west -      "Then we must take that as our working hypothesis. Young West took
laid -      Holmes laid his hand insistently upon the sleeve.
white -      the marks of four fingers and a thumb, were printed upon the white
university -      University, but he is wayward, dissipated, and unprincipled. He was
stapleton -      you. Watson, you will send a note to Stapleton to tell him that you
hill -      Hill mine, which would bring this organization into line with the
charles -      Sir Charles learned about my affairs."
prescott -      thousand of Prescott's notes worth a hundred each and fit to pass
british -      resources of British India. Jot down the words, Watson! Number
more -      eligible from a worldly point of view, were at least more of an age.
more -      all night puzzling my brain, and the more I think the more incredible
green -      old Barnes at the Green Dragon, for he never wished to see it again."
raise -      give you to throw, and will, at the same time, raise the cry of fire.
ross -      Duncan Ross took to coming in only once of a morning, and then, after
boscombe -      to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia."
rose -      looked, he rose from his chair, and walking over to a bureau at the
rose -      through the influences of my uncle, Lord Holdhurst, I rose rapidly to
sound -      from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which had been
loose -      were two hundred thousand black devils let loose, and the country was
pilgrims -      surrounded by crowds of the pilgrims--pale-faced meek-looking women,
began -      a time I began to find that there was a bit of a change in Mary
chesterfield -      schoolmaster in Chesterfield, where I received an excellent
point -      illusions upon the point. Mr. Cummings here would assure you that all
well -      Horsham, and all went as well as possible with us until the January
street -      Corporation Street to the company's offices.
true -      concealed their true import. I went to Devonshire with the conviction
spring -      "It was too bad to spring it on you like this, but Watson here will
prosper -      His name is Francis Prosper."
more -      once more--a day which Edwards, who knew his men, was very sure would
way -      story, which I would repeat in this way. His hard, dry statement
kent -      the coast of Kent. He found that the creature radiated almost
sunset -      The old place on the beach just after sunset on Tuesday. It is the
more -      nature, more likely to hide his wounds than to expose them. Then
pocket -      "'It's business that may put something into your pocket,' said the
worth -      it's worth it."
martin -      Holmes. "You remember, Inspector Martin, when the servants said that
stones -      where we were going.  Sometimes the rattle of the stones told of a
heath -      yourself near Charlington Heath; you will observe these facts for
start -      methodical person, and I did not desire you to start before six,
moor -      such a trial! There, in that hut upon the moor, seems to lie the very
bohemia -      toast and coffee in the morning when the King of Bohemia rushed into
lady -      not tangle them. Line A, which concerns Lady Beatrice, has a vaguely
forth -      a summer afternoon I set forth to Lewisham, little dreaming that
well -      "Well, really!" he cried, and then he choked and laughed again until
more -      from his gossip, but now I began to wish to hear more of it. I had
south -      which we had just quitted. The road took a sweep to the south of the
county -      "Yes, Brother Morris. It has been bought by the State & Merton County
send -      Meanwhile, please send by messenger, to await return at Baker Street,
coast -      the coast of Kent. He found that the creature radiated almost
raise -      heart of great, hand-made London we were forced to raise our minds
london -      the summer. The opium was probably brought from London. The key,
mere -      her footmarks easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where
mason -      know," said White Mason cordially. "Come along, Dr. Watson, and when
way -      way through a long succession of dingy streets and dreary by-ways. In
well -      "Well, I have been obliged to reconsider it. I had my net drawn
well -      "Well, of course Miss Morstan too. They were anxious to hear what
well -      "Well, you need a word as well as a set of figures before you can get
sudden -      sudden ejaculation caused me to wake up, and I found the summer sun
how -      walked down Baker Street, revolving in my head how on earth I was to
north -      have we here? 'Andaman Islands, situated 340 miles to the north of
boscombe -      which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool.
old -      effusion. "Percy has been inquiring for you all morning. Ah, poor old
clouds -      behind the clouds. And then I gave a cry of exultation, for a tiny
street -      Holmes raised his eyebrows. "This is Baker Street, not Harley
way -      windows. So desirable in every way were the apartments, and so
wish -      you would wish to know."
euston -      in an empty house in the Brixton Road, many miles from Euston. How he
tarlton -      of an elderly housekeeper, Mrs. Marker, and of a maid, Susan Tarlton.
moor -      the orchard and the moor. One of them was suddenly shut off. The
home -      way home he met an old shipmate, and took a long walk with him. On
more -      get more worn than others, and some wear only on one side. Now, you
well -      "Well, there was one thing which very soon struck me, and that was
law -      when we were the defenders of the law instead of its defiers. The
crag -      crag and tangled forest. Above the dark and often scarcely penetrable
mountain -      until he came to a mountain torrent which he was sure that he had
weeks -      few weeks, but from the first I just felt that she was made for me,
dull -      transparent fluid. In an instant the contents assumed a dull mahogany
laid -      the cloth.  At his remark I drew the weapon out and laid it cocked
more -      to the facts, whatever they may be, and I think the more of you for
cabin -      Our captive sat in the cabin opposite to the iron box which he had
knock -      "I am sorry to knock you up so early, Doctor," said he, "but I have
settle -      have no outsiders,--no police or officials. We can settle everything
old -      out, is like this. Some years ago this country house, Yoxley Old
court -      any court of law that the accused was in the house all the time. It
chase -      have told him that he was clearly going on a wild-goose chase, but,
valley -      township, and indeed down the whole thirty miles of the valley and
mitton -      release of John Mitton, the valet of the deceased. The coroner's jury
way -      way; so I waited until it should suit him to take me into his
stoop -      slight forward stoop and a little bend of the knees as he walked. His
chatham -      down in Kent, seven miles from Chatham and three from the railway
mark -      "What's this mark?" he asked. "Could this have any connection with
way -      ill-use himself in this outrageous way. Some human hand was on the
rose -      at the door. Milverton rose and opened it.
way -      the door open have escaped that way."
middle -      Being a heavy stick the dog has held it tightly by the middle, and
way -      to find the way of Nature rather than of art. How any decent woman
laid -      that it is extremely improbable that he has gas laid on in his
point -      have arrived at a point in my narrative where I am compelled to
pool -      to meet him at Boscombe Pool was someone who had been in Australia."
bare -      could and retired to my bedroom. It was a large, bare room on the
inch -      pasted, holding it only an inch or two from his eyes.
toller -      really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with
stapleton -      very much in earnest. Stapleton was guarded in his replies, but it
oxford -      royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford. His brain is
star -      slowly across the sky, and a star or two twinkled dimly here and
london -      have been walking about London with that thing?"
how -      "How long was it after hearing the shot that you were stopped on the
hole -      her at eight o'clock to-morrow morning. Can you pick any hole in
start -      "Good-bye, little man. You have made a strange start in life. Nurse,
jump -      road! Stop the horse! That's right. Now, jump in, and let us see if I
well -      "Well, it was the beginning of '84 when my father came to live at
well -      "Did you not? That's good impartial evidence, ain't it? Well, his
more -      "This great and sombre stage is set for something more worthy than
quarter -      figure eight times, or once in every quarter of an hour. She works it
haven -      The garden gate of The Haven had opened and a man had emerged. There
ham -      Derby, East Ham, Richmond, and fourteen other places. In three of
mason -      "And you, Mr. White Mason?"
high -      smell of the creasote rose high above all other contending scents.
wish -      "Do you mean that your wife and you wish to leave?"
old -      orchestra at the old Imperial Theatre. My mother and I were left
turn -      high hopes, while he in turn professed the admiration and respect of
way -      way, was more calculated to fill the gap left by the illustrious
quick -      conversation, and I saw her making quick little movements of her
well -      "Well, gentlemen," he asked, "what can I do for you?"
well -      "Well, and there is the end of our little drama," I remarked, after
more -      was black once more. Five minutes later a lamp was lit in a room upon
began -      upon the floor and, with the lantern and a magnifying lens, began to
turn -      turn, we never know where to find the man himself. He'll crack a crib
row -      "Then, when the row broke out, I had a little moist red paint in the
hampstead -      is a long drive to Hampstead." He stepped forward, took up his coat,
true -      Holmes had the impersonal joy of the true artist in his better work,
more -      "Then I will take up no more of your time. I cannot blame you, Mr.
spring -      "I remember," Holmes gasped. "The spring! It drew blood. This
more -      the part he was playing, but I know that I never felt more heartily
well -      "Well, if you really must know, she is an old nurse of my wife's,
town -      "Boys," said he, "there's one man in this town that wants trimming
march -      bitter end. Faces to the south, then, and quick march!"
rose -      afterwards under Hood, where he rose to be a colonel. When Lee laid
street -      Bentinck Street on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van
holland -      am taking no more chances. It's me for little Holland, and the sooner
well -      "'Well, sir,' said she in a voice like the wind from an iceberg,
willoughby -      child, but to me it seems that Willoughby Smith has met his fate by
london -      criminal world of London so well as I do.  For years past I have
lyons -      the women concerned in the case, Mrs. Stapleton and Mrs. Laura Lyons,
height -      "A masterpiece. You have never risen to a greater height."
hope -      Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope that Sherlock Holmes inquired. We were
sydenham -      considerable haul at Sydenham a fortnight ago. Some account of them
deal -      would give a good deal not to have employed him."
hill -      road and wound away across the moor. A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill
pinnacle -      heart. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet
began -      began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the terrible
way -      tell my tale in my own plain way, showing by my words each step upon
point -      word that when I thought of that, though I felt the point of the
more -      servant. I noticed that after my host had read it he seemed even more
wish -      and we shall wish you good-day."
laid -      way, is their normal state--the matter is laid before me. I examine
town -      an hour, we were clear of the town and hastening down a country road.
true -      "It is true that I have been generally successful."
lady -      With any luck we should be back here by two, with the Lady Eva's
old -      known dad in the old days in Victoria."
cross -      silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. The first faint
true -      reasonable to set this down as E. It is true that in some cases the
law -      concerned is beyond the reach of human law, and with due suppression
beach -      "Did you see him on the beach?"
frame -      of his powerful frame quivering with excitement.
central -      There was one very large central room into which Ferguson led us.
press -      been a frequent subject for comment in the European press.
more -      found myself back once more at Pondicherry Lodge. The
how -      us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and
steel -      eyes, however, steel gray, and glistening coldly with a malignant,
home -      Mr. Carruthers and Mr. Woodley, who were home on a visit from South
point -      "This was the first point gained. I then walked slowly down the
stripes -      Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes."
how -      "'My dear young lady! my dear young lady!'--you cannot think how
keeping -      leading a double life, and keeping a second establishment. The nature
hound -      hound does not bite a dead body and that Sir Charles was dead before
moor -      He hardly opened his lips during that weary trudge across the moor,
touch -      benevolent or a malevolent agency which is in touch with us, I am
stapleton -      conjectures were set at rest by a visit from Stapleton himself that
settle -      colleen inside of them that must settle the question for it's outside
white -      deny it. It wasn't black, sir, nor was it white, nor any colour that
gang -      behind the flushed and angry woman, "this gang means business. Look
wilson -      or two questions, Mr. Wilson. This assistant of yours who first
spring -      "Yes, yes, I opened it. There was a sharp spring inside it. Some
london -      saw him once more at London Bridge, and then I lost him in the crowd.
shade -      I know but a kind of queer shade like clay with a splash of milk in
croydon -      far less oppressive in Croydon than in town. Holmes had sent on a
way -      pushed it back, and, leading the way, he clicked the switch of the
true -      "By Jove! that's true," said the detective. "Now that I come to think
regency -      of dress, from the Elizabethan knight to the buck of the Regency,
wooden -      couch was a wooden chair, and on the angle of the back hung a very
scotland -      is usual at Scotland Yard when provincials need their assistance. It
street -      squalor. The broad street was churned up by the traffic into a
how -      clipper. I will tell you how the land lies, Watson. You recollect how
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins led us first to the house, where he introduced us to
old -      "I have my old service-revolver in my desk."
turn -      "'No, no, we should have him loitering here always. Kindly turn round
ridge -      dislodged from the ridge upon our right clattered down and roared
laid -      Holmes leaned forward and laid his long, thin fingers upon the
way -      way who he might be and what he had done. My surprise reached a
turn -      If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and then turn
station -      said he. "After leaving you at the station I went for a charming walk
well -      "Well, well! What next?" said he. "Brother Mycroft is coming round."
south -      instead of going south I had to go north, until I found myself among
musgrave -      that, Mr. Musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the folk that I
liverpool -      night we had news that the couple had been hunted down in Liverpool,
old -      mule, and old Ferrier upon one of the horses, with his money-bag,
street -      that I had lived with him in Baker Street I had observed that a small
how -      McMurdo laughed bitterly. "Good Lord! how little you know of me! Your
plymouth -      shock to me. I may tell you that I had got as far as Plymouth upon my
middle -      from the middle window."
close -      It had been a close, rainy day in October. Our blinds were
grange -      get the 12.22 to town. The road from Chiltern Grange is a lonely one,
lady -      hands upon that lady we should know more about Sir Charles's death."
how -      "I don't know how it is," said he, "but I had hoped for so much from
how -      how we were left, and on finding that we were very poor he suggested
send -      him no cause for fear. Send us in with him, and we shall do the rest
well -      a coward as well as a bully, and that Leonardo was the one man that
downs -      My villa is situated upon the southern slope of the downs, commanding
well -      "The very one, by George! And it may as well leave the room in my
letters -      the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to
old -      It was an old acquaintance, Inspector Morton, of Scotland Yard,
old -      The fierce old man said nothing, but still glared at my companion;
reading -      in this new investigation. You have been reading the papers
trevor -      "That was the narrative which I read that night to young Trevor, and
more -      silence all the time, and I was aware, more than once when I glanced
station -      Cross Station," said he.
rocks -      beautiful pellucid green pool as clear as crystal. A line of rocks
lane -      half-sovereign, at the old naturalist's in Pinchin Lane. At
wing -      building the new wing, and the old one was used now as a store-house
stove -      the stove of his sitting-room, the door swung open and its framework
lady -      turned to avoid the blow.  No information could be got from the lady
point -      "Certainly. That is easily managed. One other point. I should much
more -      ever had a case which was more difficult to get at. Every fresh
well -      "Well, well, you did your best," said Holmes, as we walked into our
way -      for the somewhat flippant and careless way in which he narrated it.
mapleton -      over to Mapleton. Why should he run wild upon the moor? He would
lodge -      been made in the lodge. Hands clapped him on the back, and the hood
more -      The more I thought of it the more extraordinary did my companion's
well -      blame. On the other hand, if all should go well (which may kind God
more -      and within five minutes Holmes had followed him. I saw him no more
blackheath -      P. S. I believe your friend Watson played Rugby for Blackheath when I
wooden -      men with wooden legs. On one occasion he actually fired his revolver
more -      more," he sneered.
more -      their Bodymaster rose once more to address them.
turn -      equally served his turn."
dunbar -      "Now, Miss Dunbar," said Holmes, "I beg you to tell us exactly what
piece -      particular corner of the room a large piece had peeled off, leaving a
laid -      his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach.
coombe -      supplies. What's this paper? So you have been to Coombe Tracey, have
border -      Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey."
more -      wronged her--wronged her, perhaps, far more than we suspected--in her
quick -      exhausted upon a couch, but her quick, observant gaze as we entered
more -      them to the box once more and sat for a while in deep meditation.
box -      dressed in a gray suit and wearing a straw hat. A tin box for
norton -      "To an English lawyer named Norton."
catch -      "We ought to be able to catch anything on the river," he said.
streatham -      "Oh, so so. Nothing to complain of. I have been out to Streatham
more -      Holmes smiled. "I shall not keep you more than a few minutes,
sound -      was no sound or movement. I heard a sharp rustle, the night air blew
way -      well-to-do in a vulgar, comfortable, easy-going way."
send -      "In each case the outside porter will send for the hall porter, to
bengal -      young widow of Major-General Stoner, of the Bengal Artillery. My
deal -      see a good deal of you now, I hope, and I will keep your stick until
london -      London. This advertisement will appear in each of them."
avenue -      Northumberland Avenue hotels.  I think I will leave him to tell his
douglas -      time--for England. And thence came the John Douglas who for a second
weeks -      worrying her until she got brain-fever, and for six weeks was at
how -      "That is so, madam, though I do not know how you are aware that I was
march -      please, sir, march upstairs, where we can get a cab to carry your
town -      It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which
well -      we felt no security until we had pinioned his feet as well as his
street -      Street, as to the whereabouts of the said Mordecai Smith and the
america -      for passages to America or the Colonies."
way -      own rope. That I did not know. By the way, I had hoped that Tonga had
glass -      glass, fell full upon his face. The man seemed to be beside himself
home -      We were coming out of the ice-pack on our way home, with head winds
rose -      summer air. A woman was sitting beside him, who rose as we entered.
lead -      exiguous threads which lead vaguely up towards the centre of the web
lady -      guess that in New York this lady's husband will receive a pretty
town -      In town the earliest risers were just beginning to look sleepily from
arbour -      "But the cause remains as obscure as before. Come into the arbour
middle -      opened and a young lady came in. She was rather above the middle
read -      here and I will read it to you:
chemistry -      7. Chemistry.--Profound.
vogue -      upon the Binomial Theorem, which has had a European vogue.  On the
yorkshire -      in the east of Yorkshire. His reason for attempting this special line
london -      "Not much, Mr. Holmes, among the millions of London."
well -      well done. They have perished, and by my hand. There is nothing left
street -      Street, upon the left-hand side, there is, as you may have remarked,
quick -      this thing, and I may have to get out of it quick. You said you would
pocket -      "Yes, sir." He took a sheaf of worn and greasy forms from his pocket.
london -      and so reached London, and no one the wiser.
more -      "If they are not worth more than the last ones they are not of much
flash -      yourselves behind those. Then, when I flash a light upon them, close
moss -      deep and covered with soft green moss, where I could lie unseen in
real -      methods of this remarkable man. The real reason lay in the reluctance
well -      night--well, there he is with his wife, three children, and a hired
home -      of a consulting practice. It was necessary to make a home of my own."
guide -      guide and an indefatigable hunter. So rapidly did he gain the esteem
clatter -      clatter of steps upon the stairs, the heavy hall door banged, and
sound -      wondering what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of
box -      "And the box," said Holmes.
point -      obvious point. The note was sent to William. The man who wrote it
field -      itself, the pleasure of finding a field for my peculiar powers, is my
glass -      black-eyed man, seemed glad to see him once more. After a glass or
read -      This was what McMurdo read:
white -      the thin white hand which he laid on the mantelpiece as he rose was
laid -      which several German books were scattered. Colonel Stark laid down
walls -      these walls it will never stop. Consider his position at the
west -      buzzards, the vultures of the west, whose coming is the forerunner of
steps -      lassitude from his fingers. I took two steps forward and looked back.
rode -      At the head of the column there rode a score or more of grave
more -      "You put the matter more flippantly, Mr. Holmes, than you would
well -      "You'll do, Tiger Cormac. If you handle it as well as you did the
station -      "Not after he went into the station."
wilson -      for there was nothing immediate that I could do. Sergeant Wilson had
water -      in turn was led to believe that he had never been in the water. Why,
clatter -      twilight, the clatter of the hammer and the rasp of the saw was never
laid -      sat up in my chair, and my wife laid her needle-work down in her lap
lady -      it, he answered that it was a present from a certain gracious lady in
well -      "Very well. It may, however, have been written on Monday and only
toller -      Toller serenely.
old -      message which might well drive old Trevor to despair.
old -      inquest a description of his cabin, in which it stated that the old
stapleton -      Mrs. Stapleton sank upon the floor in front of us. As her beautiful
how -      and tell her these things, and I warned her how to treat them. You
more -      "Well, that makes it the more effective. You yacht against them, you
reddish -      impression that the man was tall, had a reddish face, and was dressed
athelney -      the appearance of Athelney Jones, our expedition in the evening, and
way -      "He often had a wild way of talking, so that I thought little of what
how -      The reader may set me down as a hopeless busybody, when I confess how
point -      servants were upon the scene. The point is a simple one, but the
laid -      Such was the problem which my visitor laid before me. It presented,
well -      spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten
more -      affair may be very much more important than appeared at first sight.
more -      more than once made use of my knowledge of London crime. I asked him
more -      In the whole world there can be no more dreary view than that from
town -      "'Can I get a train into town?'
selden -      "The escaped convict, sir--Selden, the criminal."
rose -      "We'll stay at the inn to-night," he continued as he rose and faced
way -      Meanwhile, I can inform you that no spying upon me can in any way
stand -      enough yet to stand much noise or excitement. I had enough of both in
sound -      said I. "What do you think is the cause of so strange a sound?"
way -      "13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here."
stepney -      Co., of Stepney. They are all sold now. To whom? Oh, I dare say by
hope -      dear. I hope you'll prove worth it. You couldn't come any other
how -      know--how could l know--that he would risk his life alone upon the
ireland -      such titles as "Fords," "Harbour-defences," "Aeroplanes," "Ireland,"
water -      bathing assiduously with vinegar and water. The lady lay back
old -      rearranging my own little things. There was an old chest of drawers
quarter -      quarter of an hour at the most. Stackhurst had followed him from The
sudden -      by the brazier I felt a sudden pluck at my skirt, and a low voice
how -      all the truth, for she knew how you loved the boy and feared lest it
poles -      poles, upon which it sprang back into the cage and was at once locked
wish -      when our eyes met. She seemed for an instant to wish to shrink back
turn -      upon the mantelpiece, and then he proceeded to turn back the corner
college -      College of Surgeons."
south -      turn their attention to the South of France. I have already said that
well -      "Well, well, we score over you for once, Mr. Holmes. You must give us
harrow -      "It is this Harrow Weald case. It decides me to look into the matter,
lady -      The lady was sobbing, with her face buried in the pillows. Now she
street -      houses, which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford
selden -      learned that you had been chasing Selden. The poor fellow has enough
sheet -      child's exposed neck and upon the sheet. With a cry of horror, he
read -      Sherlock Holmes and I read these notices over together at breakfast,
city -      brightness through the dim veil which hangs over the great city.
rooms -      We had ascended the kitchen stair and entered the suite of rooms upon
how -      no idea how he came by his injuries. He was not a popular man, being
baldwin -      lodge, Ted Baldwin among them, resented the rapid rise of the
stapleton -      Holmes had said to Stapleton on the night before that his visit would
cunningham -      old Cunningham, and a very decent fellow too. He'll be cut up over
white -      "'High red house with white stone facings. Third floor. Second window
street -      the street. Dr. Mortimer and Baskerville were still visible about two
old -      see a weasel holding a young rabbit in the window. Knock old Sherman
pocket -      He took the telegram out of his pocket, and handed it to me. It was
plush -      knee of the trouser. As you observe, this woman had plush upon her
more -      to the farther side of this and lay down once more upon his face with
leslie -      that the name of Leslie Armstrong was unknown to me. Now I am aware
mortimer -      that he intends to prosecute Dr. Mortimer for opening a grave without
lock -      cunning than himself upon his track. You must lock yourself up from
middle -      in the middle of it. My God, shall I ever forget their faces when
westminster -      hour which should have brought him to Westminster before the time
valley -      "That he never leaves the valley," said Baldwin.
send -      If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and then turn
oxford -      edition. Oxford won by a goal and two tries. The last sentences of
how -      here to-night is to find out how much I know about the matter and how
thames -      had wished to throw the treasure into the Thames it would have been
county -      this county. Just tell me what it all means, Watson, and I'll owe you
charing -      out my left canine in the waiting-room at Charing Cross, and,
well -      the fallen grandeur of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known, made
oxfordshire -      Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Reading. There is a train from
read -      attempt to search for it. Besides, I can read in a man's eye when it
old -      sombre face of the old house. A cold, damp reek from the moat chilled
well -      be as well for you to have your pistol ready."
wilson -      my friend, Wilson Hargreave, of the New York Police Bureau, who has
steps -      heavy steps ascending the stair.
point -      road. At that point, however, as it happens, there is a broadish
angle -      insolent angle from the corner of his mouth. In front of him, in the
tor -      right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the
sound -      sharp sound of his latch-key. The instant he entered I saw by his
london -      that we may get started for London at once."
norfolk -      able to go down to Norfolk to-morrow, and to take our friend some
point -      point about the signature is very suggestive--in fact, we may call it
court -      jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court
staunton -      paid by Mr. Godfrey Staunton last month to Dr. Leslie Armstrong of
stand -      you to interfere--you that are new to the lodge? Stand back!" He
mapleton -      was in charge of Silas Brown at the Mapleton stables. He did not
hart -      side, heavy with dripping moss and fleshy hart's-tongue ferns.
peninsula -      of the Indian Peninsula are small men, but none could have left such
how -      "Sure, my darlin', you don't know what it is you are asking. How
morland -      my favour. I haven't had such a day since I had Sir John Morland for
lodge -      lodge. Didn't I say to you that it would end in murder?"
stapleton -      to be in danger. If the letter should fall into Stapleton's hands her
tor -      out of which jutted the fantastic shapes of Belliver and Vixen Tor.
point -      when the light burned in it at night the folk used to point it out to
old -      "The old shikari's nerves have not lost their steadiness nor his eyes
park -      across the Park, and so through Oxford Street to Baker Street. Two
well -      of a morning--well, sir, you'd have thought it was a London fog. Poor
yell -      listened. It swelled up louder and louder, a hoarse yell of pain and
more -      groan, and never moved again. I fainted once more, but again it could
well -      "Well, I waited until the road was clear--it is never a very
station -      like a good one, and away he went into the station. Only just as he
lock -      lock should not be very formidable. Have you any other able-bodied
home -      A minute later we were in the street and walking for home. We had
hill -      "That's all right," said Lestrade, as we parted. "Hill knows all
true -      "My dear fellow, there lies the problem. It is true that 'For Mrs.
kensington -      Beppo as a common factor, both in Kennington and in Kensington, so
mark -      murderous weapon for that purpose. I left him an excellent mark in
well -      What have you to confess now? It's just as well for two fellows to
dunbar -      "Did Miss Dunbar admit writing it?"
lyons -      Laura Lyons. By representing himself as a single man he acquired
clatter -      At that instant there was a clatter and a rattle in the street below.
more -      "I thought no more of the matter until the vicar's telegram reached
start -      "My nerves are fairly proof, Watson, but I must confess to a start
more -      who loved a woman with a more wholehearted love than I had for
town -      to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this
scotland -      hasty luncheon at the buffet we pushed on at once to Scotland Yard.
douglas -      The police trial had passed, in which the case of John Douglas was
old -      "I am not so easily altered," said the old soldier. "Ralph, do what I
shawl -      it." As he spoke he unwrapped the grey shawl and extricated a pretty
well -      trade-mark upon them. It is well thought of!"
douglas -      Douglas was a reticent man, and there were some chapters in his life
read -      it up. If he had seen it, it would have gone hard with me. But I read
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, if this is true, we only tumble out of one mystery
wish -      with your permission I will now wish you all a very good-night." He
more -      obliged to you for coming round. No one ever needed your advice more
east -      Derby, East Ham, Richmond, and fourteen other places. In three of
oaks -      among oaks, one of the most magnificent trees that I have ever seen.
box -      tortoise-shell box, and brushed away the wandering grains from his
lane -      living together at 427, Park Lane. The youth moved in the best
worth -      with the matter, but it is a point worth noting. I do not think that
read -      "You must have read in the account of the inquest about the man's
lawn -      passed round the lawn to the outside of the young diplomatist's
well -      as well as the track to guide us he cannot escape us now."
hound -      hound had kept upon the grassy border while the baronet had run down
brixton -      "He writes from Lower Brixton," said Mycroft Holmes.  "Do you not
west -      "Well, then, to the West, or to England, or to Germany, where father
shelf -      wooden shelf full of books, mostly of a technical character, an
hope -      instructors, may hope in time to attain to some degree of their
well -      "Well, I have been here a month now. I lived in that farm, where I
way -      say that they were in some way concerned in the murder and had fled
true -      Zeppelin promises us comes true. By the way, who is that?"
touch -      "Don't touch me, Jimmie. Keep your distance. Yes, you may well stare!
way -      quarters if it were thought possible that they might find their way
well -      "Well, well, we have made a beginning. I should not expect any fresh
common -      common mottled over with dark clumps of furze-bushes.  Far away
seal -      He broke the seal and glanced over the contents.
well -      I am well convinced that his Ministers--that the usual official
well -      "Which were very well justified," observed Holmes. "And now it is
stand -      clear. Let us for a moment consider the difficulties which stand in
valley -      long in the valley. Why, Brother Morris, we'll have to elect you
mapleton -      once more quite close to Mapleton. It was Holmes who saw them first,
rattle -      and fluttered down upon us as we passed. The rattle of our wheels
rope -      that which was already perfect--to draw the rope tighter yet round
lady -      Peruvian lady upstairs. Holmes rose, with that quick curiosity which
wall -      me along parallel with the wall of the house, and again I marked my
wall -      said nothing in reply, but turned my face to the wall, sick at heart,
way -      in any case the study was a long way off. She remembered hearing some
bush -      bush. Then Mr. Alec ran out and knelt beside the wounded man. The
lodge -      the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection
more -      and by evening they calculated that they were more than thirty miles
cheap -      for this very room about four months ago. I picked it up cheap from
eccles -      Eccles in a querulous voice, "but it is really uncommonly hard on me.
box -      alkaloid into small, soluble pills, and each pill I put in a box with
high -      A cold and melancholy walk of a couple of miles brought us to a high
how -      the secret of the dancing men. How came you to write it?"
way -      certain way. I see them on this occasion fastened with an elaborate
charles -      "The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles cannot be
rose -      in reading when he rose from his chair:
well -      "Well, the gentleman has a lot of firearms of one sort and another.
hope -      hope, had reason to do other than respect me. But if the blow falls
woodley -      "Mr. Woodley seemed to me to be a most odious person. He was for ever
aldgate -      before Aldgate Station. A courteous red-faced old gentleman
victoria -      out on the table. "This is a map of the Colony of Victoria," he said.
how -      heard a shocking story of how he had turned a cat loose in an aviary,
flush -      a play. A flush of colour sprang to Holmes's pale cheeks, and he
more -      looked in the moonlight, and it could not be more than thirty feet
buda -      I believe that, save for one sample in a laboratory at Buda, there is
sussex -      down to Sussex, and go a little more deeply into the matter upon the
drawbridge -      the main door and the drawbridge. The latter had not been raised.
quarter -      of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour. How
more -      delirious. No, it was more likely to be an attempt to explain how he
mapleton -      to the gates of the Mapleton stables. As we approached, a groom ran
hound -      drove me mad. This drunken hound, that he should dare to raise his
summit -      from its craggy summit I looked out myself across the melancholy
lawn -      beckoned to the vicar and we all three went out upon the lawn.
south -      And yet I live and keep bees upon the South Downs."
wish -      "I wish I could see what was in your mind, Mr. Holmes. Perhaps it's
steps -      whatever might come. At first the steps of a few belated villagers,
lewisham -      remember that Lewisham gang of burglars?"
street -      "'We were returning from the Watt Street Mission about a quarter to
middle -      in the middle of the room. He had tied his cord to the hook on which
summit -      upon the summit of the Black Tor. That then should be the centre of
catch -      trains--one at 9.15 and one at 11. He was to catch the first.'
harker -      introduced to us as the owner of the house--Mr. Horace Harker, of the
fence -      Outside, beyond the low, white fence, a wagonette with a pair of cobs
high -      will readily understand, a specialist who aims high is compelled to
way -      and a cool, clear, common-sense brain, which should take him some way
home -      from the ship and found my wife out, but Sarah at home. "Where's
sound -      glad to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more."
glass -      broken glass. At that instant Holmes sprang like a tiger on to the
water -      draught of water.
more -      single costume. However there appears to be nothing more to learn,
true -      whereas the barrel passed down the roadway. No, we are on the true
arbour -      the arbour. Holmes lit his pipe and handed me his pouch.
raise -      'Now, Mrs. Merrilow, you know at last why it is that I never raise my
west -      sofa. "Yes, yes, here he is, sure enough! Cadogen West was the young
way -      it, Mr. Holmes," remarked the inspector, as he noted the clever way
well -      "Well, then, we will presume that she had come on a visit to England,
well -      "Well, I first had the hammer examined. There was Dr. Wood there to
flat -      Georgian edifice, with a flat brick face broken only by two deep bay
catch -      that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food,
water -      vanished over the side into the water. It had hardly gone before
wood -      picked up in the wood.
manor -      Barker, our friend of the moated Manor House. His face was drawn and
well -      "Well, perhaps you have," said Holmes. "I'll give you one. This case
rattle -      "If I can help to put him where he belongs, I'm yours to the rattle,"
wood -      of hard carved wood with a bone handle.  The Colonel possessed a
how -      difficult to see how he could have left the house, as both windows
eye -      back my eye caught the pellet of paper which the prisoner had tossed
liverpool -      the stone is in Liverpool. Confound that whining music; it gets on my
keeping -      "There's no chance of my keeping company with him; for I dislike the
well -      prisoner to a place of safety. This room is not well adapted for a
mark -      squareness which mark the man of determination. His hands were
more -      descending into the hollow, he pushed the matting into a more central
british -      the ancient British barrow. The famous Smith-Mortimer succession case
box -      have known that before ever I saw the box at all."
home -      to the home of my own people, and you may take that to be my final
way -      "This way! This way! They are in the bowling alley," cried the
moor -      upon the moor."
home -      against the Home Secretary, who seemed a civil, obliging sort of man,
heads -      their heads might have suggested the strange adjective which she
salt -      picking my salt meat out of the harness cask.'
how -      ask it of me. Besides, if I wanted to, how could I do it? You don't
white -      brows. His hair and beard were white, save that the latter was
start -      start off myself to-morrow, and go for the men rather than the boat.
abbey -      and Lady Brackenstall of Abbey Grange hasn't learned new ways. You've
row -      them in a row, three of which were simply dirty, while the fourth was
reading -      train. There would be one to Reading in less than an hour. The same
pocket -      a fashion that I was right glad to feel the revolver in my pocket.
stepney -      Co., of Stepney, the source and origin of busts. I shall be surprised
send -      you will send a wire to Sir Henry Baskerville, in my name, to say
how -      much this man stimulated my curiosity, and how often I endeavoured to
more -      Ralph Smith's relations? One more point. What sort of a menage is it
well -      Sir Charles was also an admirable companion. We knew him well, and
florence -      in Florence with the certainty that no one in the world knew what had
fitzroy -      married, and we only kept it secret because Fitzroy's uncle, who is
pocket -      house. Therefore he took it from the murdered man's pocket."
lady -      matter. The lady began to show some curious traits quite alien to her
shelf -      the man's age and professional career." From my small medical shelf I
baldwin -      do. We have a new brother here, Baldwin, and it's not for us to greet
sussex -      time married a worthy mate, and lived for five years as a Sussex
openshaw -      of his fate as Openshaw did before him."
london -      took her to London with him. They lodged, I find, at the Mexborough
sudden -      sudden breaking up of the society was coincident with the
white -      though he's not short of thirty. Has a white splash of acid upon his
westminster -      evidence to connect her with the crime at Westminster. A comparison
shadwell -      the Shadwell Police Station, and it has the advantage of being
chimney -      inaccessible. Was it through the chimney?"
strode -      Promptly at ten o'clock next morning Ferguson strode into our room. I
priory -                The Adventure of the Priory School
wish -      "Yes; there is a point which I wish to ascertain. It is merely a
well -      are the historian of this bunch. Well, Dr. Watson, you've never had
way -      round to you, and on my way I was attacked by a rough with a
hill -      Notting Hill; and Hugo Oberstein, 13 Caulfield Gardens, Kensington.
mortimer -      which estranged this man Mortimer, but it was supposed to be made up,
more -      naturally makes him a more dangerous antagonist."
rose -      "That is enough." She rose briskly from her chair with the anxiety
wall -      darkest portion of the wall."
way -      just as plain as I see you all in this room. All the way they were
moor -      moor. I accepted Stapleton's invitation, and we turned together down
hammer -      it. That accounts for the hammer."
point -      "The whole course of events," said Holmes, "from the point of view of
worth -      "Ah, a scent of tobacco would have been worth a great deal to us in
way -      gone a little way when she began to limp and show every sign of being
heads -      sir, the three of us; and we keep a roof over our heads and pay our
hope -      I knew from his excited manner that there was not much hope of sleep
send -      of us, and send every man in this room into a felon's cell. That is
stone -      the bay. The two famous Germans stood beside the stone parapet of the
marlow -      unexpected one. Mr. Marlow Bates was a stranger to both of us. He was
way -      "Well, it figures out that way, does it not? Here he is, sending out
high -      numb from our long drive. Then we gazed round us at the high, thin
link -      out of the upper window. What link could there be between that
yonder -      "That is the great Grimpen Mire," said he. "A false step yonder means
charles -      late Sir Charles Baskerville and some other kind hearts I might have
well -      "Well, now, we can reconstruct things on those lines. Mr. Douglas
montpelier -      conducted in a laboratory at Montpelier, in the South of France.
way -      good girl in every way.
lady -      and Lady Brackenstall of Abbey Grange hasn't learned new ways. You've
way -      our humble way do something to make things more easy for him until he
milverton -      Milverton's smile broadened and his eyes twinkled humorously.
stand -      scattered white objects which glisten in the sun, and stand out
how -      "Ah, Bradstreet, how are you?" A tall, stout official had come down
milverton -      Several times I had observed that Milverton looked at his watch, and
more -      could find a household more self-contained or free from outside
sale -      he. "My publishers gave me a most discouraging account of its sale.
well -      "Well, it figures out that way, does it not? Here he is, sending out
start -      "'One evening, about the third week after our start, the doctor had
high -      "What do you think of that, Watson?" cried Holmes in high glee,
street -      Lower Burke Street proved to be a line of fine houses lying in the
laid -      Dr. Sterndale drew from his pocket a paper packet and laid it upon
more -      would say no more.
weeks -      he came down into the office just this day eight weeks, with this
how -      see how it works, for a man of personality can use hypnotism without
desborough -      3. Lord Backwater's Desborough. Yellow cap and sleeves.
mark -      smudge of blood like the mark of a boot-sole upon the wooden sill.
well -      "Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?"
well -      "Well, madam, unless it is set right it may certainly have a very
dull -      expedition. We hurried through the dark shrubbery, amid the dull
lodge -      Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge, was found dead on Oxshott Common, his body
turn -      Heaven that I had the sense to turn away from him and to marry a
true -      admiration. "It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true."
chimney -      fumes to some extent up the chimney. Hence one would expect the
highway -      highway robber. There were six of us, and we had a wild, free life of
lady -      "'My dear young lady! my dear young lady!'--you cannot think how
sunset -      sunset.
well -      "Well, in investigating this minor affair we must not lose sight of
pocket -      the fact that he slipped a revolver into his pocket before leaving
more -      murder and the Agra treasure, he has been more nearly correct than
twenty -      Monica in the Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if you do it in twenty
moor -      other direction the moor is a complete wilderness, inhabited only by
sound -      "It had an ugly sound," I answered.
stone -      force would suffice to raise the stone. So far I could follow their
stock -      I don't take much stock of detectives in novels--chaps that do things
how -      other trace. But how on earth--"
guide -      stay to show you over the house, but Barrymore will be a better guide
oaken -      was painfully asthmatic. As he leaned upon a thick oaken cudgel his
well -      "Well, it was evening; but I mind that the lamp was turned on my
street -      "Miss Susan Cushing, living at Cross Street, Croydon, has been made
well -      confidence that he saw Cadogan West--whom he knew well by sight--upon
more -      or more he continued his researches, measuring with the most exact
lady -      attendant lady upon either side of him. He was preparing a map of the
well -      "'Well, Small,' said the major, 'we must, I suppose, try and meet
more -      am taking no more chances. It's me for little Holland, and the sooner
how -      "But how came such a man to meet a lady of the standing of Miss
rocks -      "This will do," said he. "These rocks upon the right make an
mason -      Mason," he said at last. "Can't you make it more definite?"
town -      Gloucester. She always comes to us when she is in town."
waldron -      named Waldron. Waldron's appearance was well remembered at the
lady -      observation was precise. You had seen the lady rise from beside the
more -      day. I can absolutely trust her. I am more uneasy about poor little
pocket -      from your pocket, and you threw it up at the window above you."
wish -      we wish you to do is to examine the machine and to let us know what
how -      can't take her word for it she knows how to bring it home to him."
sheet -      and wrote a few lines upon a sheet of paper, which he tossed across
stamford -      Stamford gave me a few more particulars about the gentleman whom I
cross -      Cross examined by the clever attorney who had been engaged by
city -      will find some sights to amuse you in this venerable city, and I hope
old -      under his old straw hat, and his face with its fierce, eager
shop -      piece-work man, who made himself useful in the shop. He could carve a
pershore -      read of and thought about when I was a little lad at Pershore. It was
turn -      over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds
mortimer -      who arrives at Waterloo Station"--Dr. Mortimer looked at his
how -      shadow of a doubt as to how these tragedies were produced?"
wood -      "This splinter of wood, which I have every reason to believe to be
clayton -      "John Clayton, 3 Turpey Street, the Borough. My cab is out of
grange -      I had intended "The Adventure of the Abbey Grange" to be the last of
start -      start.
friendly -      friendly aid. As it is, I feel that young man's grip on my throat
station -      followed it to the station. She was like one walking in her sleep,
geneva -      night we had resumed our journey and were well on our way to Geneva.
clouds -      certain gloomy grandeur in the huge fires and the clouds of drifting
london -      old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way.
read -      came to man's estate. I will read you the questions and answers as
began -      began to go wrong. Without any open scandal he still made India too
letters -      letters:--
angle -      seen. I had been lying in an angle of the hedge close by the
old -      metal, old coins apparently, such as I hold here, were scattered over
law -      law?"
how -      "How's this, Watson?" he cried, picking up the paper from the table.
friendly -      was heard by the coachman chatting with the Colonel in a friendly
rope -      relative position to the ventilator and to the rope--or so we may
old -      "'That is true. But what could he have to do with this old family
bradshaw -      "There are difficulties, Watson. The vocabulary of Bradshaw is
coombe -      to accompany me to Coombe Tracey. At first he was very eager to come,
bohemia -      the late King of Bohemia when your cousin Heinrich was the Imperial
well -      "Well, there are some on the stall with the gas-flare."
how -      hypothesis, that the man had been poisoned, appear. I remembered how
read -      "'Yes. I read the stock exchange list every morning.'
sudden -      unnatural about this strange and sudden friendship between the young
shepherds -      shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to him to know if he had
yell -      of hell. He let out a yell, and away he went as hard as he could lick
well -      Mr. Eduardo Lucas, well known in society circles both on account of
carey -      "On the Tuesday Peter Carey was in one of his blackest moods, flushed
how -      these creatures are to scent human blood, and how it excites them.
well -      "Well, I guess because I tell you not. That's enough for most folk in
green -      For two days the Hon. Philip Green (he was, I may mention, the son of
well -      result for C. Well, I think, Doctor, that we may let some light into
more -      yield. Together we flung ourselves upon it once more, and this time
sound -      metallic sound? Could you swear to it?"
wish -      steel. I've been checkmated in London. I can only wish you better
hilton -      room, two barrels of which had been emptied. Mr. Hilton Cubitt had
dollar -      if you vere to pay me a hundred dollar a week."
more -      ill-doings. It seemed to me that there was more sorrow than anger in
lock -      breathing heavily. He besought us to lock the door and to come upon
hope -      Mr. Jefferson Hope, the murderer of Enoch Drebber and of Joseph
rose -      rose from the table and lit his pipe. "They can go everywhere, see
street -      by driving at once to Baker Street with our friend here, and
park -      ran through a noble park, between lines of ancient elms, and ended in
charles -      to accept any settlement from Sir Charles, though he pressed it upon
retire -      retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in
british -      I learned at the British Museum that he was a recognized authority
douglas -      I have seen the mark on Douglas many times this last ten years."
well -      "Well," said the inspector with a grave and thoughtful face, "whoever
worth -      weak go to the wall. I played the game for all it was worth. I never
touch -      reading as very strange, and now that I am in closer touch with the
more -      more pounds to my name than you've hairs on your head. And if you've
wish -      unnatural about the whole transaction which made me wish to know a
close -      close view of him."
margate -      "He was drowned last month when bathing near Margate. I saw his death
well -      water-pipes. There must be a disused well somewhere. Try your luck
way -      plunder or had dropped it on the way."
box -      A moment later she had appeared with a red flat box in her hand.
well -      "Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place, and I know
dovercourt -      Dovercourt would fail to appreciate them. However, since you think
york -      from Rotterdam to New York. No other line will be safe a week from
lady -      he was averse to a marriage with so charming a young lady as this
well -      me so well. There was a parallel instance in Aberdeen some years
gang -      and it is entirely possible that a gang of thieves have secured your
lady -      "Come, Lady Hilda. You have the letter. The matter may still be
wood -      them! And I've closed the wood where the Fernworthy folk used to
more -      attractive person. If his wife dies, who more likely to succeed her
rock -      and pointed upwards. On a rock which overlooked the track, showing
rattle -      country lane. While we made our way along it we heard the rattle of a
point -      distinctive and suggestive point in the case was the singular
more -      preacher. His companion Andrews was little more than a boy,
cunningham -      that, if Alec Cunningham's narrative was correct, and if the
baldwin -      McMurdo nodded. "Good for you, Brother Baldwin," he said. "You and I
stand -      "Your leg will stand it?"
success -      killing their enemy, but always without success. Then they adopted
how -      "'How can I decide?' said I. 'You have not told me what you want of
clapham -      thought, and hardly opened his mouth until we had passed Clapham
way -      hound as that. I just rejoiced that good luck had come her way, and
way -      him for the way that he treated her. But he is plausible and cunning.
true -      the gipsy's evidence may be taken as true, he ran with cries for help
mark -      the stomach, perhaps, which killed him without leaving any mark. The
flat -      A moment later she had appeared with a red flat box in her hand.
true -      is going to bring you up to my rooms, and I shall ask you for a true
rake -      it. Let me put it to you as man to man. No one wants to rake up your
clanking -      clanking of their machinery. The man in the stern still crouched upon
more -      false step plunged us more than once thigh-deep into the dark,
drawbridge -      We walked across the drawbridge, and were admitted by a quaint,
scott -      "Pray sit down, Mr. Scott Eccles," said Holmes in a soothing voice.
paul -      of nature! Are you well up in your Jean Paul?"
croydon -      "Miss Susan Cushing, living at Cross Street, Croydon, has been made
hope -      the neighbourhood of his wardrobe. And pray what did you hope to
douglas -      "Well, Mr. Douglas did not appear. What was he to do next? He left
cross -      woman on earth to me. By the cross of Christ I swear it!"
moor -      near the old stone cross upon the moor. He left them shortly after
glass -      "Another glass, Watson!" said Mr. Sherlock Holmes as he extended the
point -      must have crossed that, and there is the point where we should look
wall -      stood with his back against the wall.
hampstead -      Lodge, Hampstead.
how -      "But you said--why, surely this might be the missing link. How do we
close -      was cut off close at her upper lip and disclosed a perfectly shaped
steps -      find some solution.  First of all, tell me what steps you have taken.
station -      his hand to us cheerily as we shot out from the station.
lady -      I made inquiries for the lady whom I had come to interrogate. I had
douglas -      Was Douglas, from what we hear of his fearless character, a man who
old -      occasion an old white-haired gentleman had an interview with my
valley -      father says, have done crime after crime in the valley, and if
way -      certain amount of foresight, since he went out of his way to take
point -      morning in the Professor's study under circumstances which can point
reach -      farther up the path than is necessary to reach the door?"
box -      would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in
boscombe -      carriage, and we set off for Hatherley Farm and the Boscombe Pool.
ross -      ourselves at the pretty little country-town of Ross. A lean,
southerly -      of southerly gales. My father's yacht may well have been blown to the
well -      "You have done well indeed!" cried Holmes with enthusiasm. "Now lead
how -      "How dare you speak in such a way!"
letters -      initials of K. K. K. repeated upon it, and 'Letters, memoranda,
street -      "Baker Street?"
douglas -      "Then how did you get at Mr. Douglas and the fact that he had been
stand -      queer Sikh lingo. For myself, I used to stand outside the gate-way,
well -      all is well. If it turns red, it means a man's life." He dipped it
pill -      perfect shriek of delight he rushed to the box, cut the other pill in
willoughby -      Willoughby Smith enters the room. In her hurry to withdraw the key
lady -      heard the word David uttered twice by the lady.  The point is of the
well -      "Well, well, that's fine."
worth -      have turned his back before the blow fell. Still, it might be worth
old -      "Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place, and I know
openshaw -      "There is one thing," said John Openshaw. He rummaged in his coat
court -      Morland, Court of Queen's Bench. It cost me 200 pounds, but I got my
wish -      as well as to my own. I wish you, therefore, to make restitution. Put
bridge -      out." He seated himself upon the stone ledge of the bridge, and I
lodge -      Carnaway's widow. He was struck down doing the work of the lodge, and
scotland -      the man whom Killer Evans had shot, was, according to Scotland Yard,
white -      He held up a piece of white cardboard about the size of a sheet of
sudden -      last, by a sudden impulse, just as our train was crawling out of a
well -      "Oh, to be sure, I had not told you of my plans. Well, Watson, I love
shelf -      deal-topped table. There upon a shelf was the row of formidable
tore -      Big Ben, and eight struck as we tore down the Brixton Road. But
more -      he said was more likely to be under-statement than exaggeration.
farmers -      they've had no sight of him yet. The farmers about here don't like
comers -      buzzards, who, at the sight of the new comers uttered raucous screams
woodley -      much excited afterwards. Woodley must be staying in the
laid -      "Not a day. He has been laid up with a hack, and once he slipped his
coat -      into his heavy coat, and I was glad to do the same, for the air was
start -      "And ready to start with an exploring ship?"
charles -      Sir Charles's will."
west -      of young Cadogan West. Let me advise you to gain at least the small
eye -      my eye fell upon something all huddled together at the bottom of a
well -      "Well."
sudden -      "Why do you say that, Mr. Holmes?" I seemed to read sudden suspicion
began -      With these words, Jefferson Hope leaned back in his chair and began
street -      I slept at Baker Street that night, and we were engaged upon our
more -      more so as the secret was a disgraceful one. When I remembered that
how -      that has occurred, and how you desire that I should help you."
more -      "More than I could pay, sir. It was Sir Robert himself who gave me
well -      The jewels will be as well with us as in the Company's coffers. There
coombe -      for I am already aware that she is the one person in Coombe Tracey
well -      "You had best take it, then. It is well to be prepared. I see that
well -      "Well, well," said Holmes gleefully, "you have indeed done some solid
stapleton -      earth told a true story, then Stapleton never reached that island of
touches -      overcoat, which is full of suggestive touches." He held it tenderly
well -      forgotten nor forgiven. "Well, he can come if he wants," he said in a
street -      down the street, "here is a madman coming along. It seems rather sad
central -      flint instruments. Behind his central table was a large cupboard of
way -      way. He may well have wished his wife out of the road. And these
common -      out from amid the common crowd of mendicants and so, too, does his
laid -      dining-room, upon the table of which a cold supper had been laid out,
dawn -      out, leaving the door open behind them. It was not yet dawn, and by
more -      suddenly by night. It came, however, more quickly than we expected,
laid -      which she laid us on her husband's track. We left her standing upon
press -      here. Press him. Tell him that a full confession is his only chance
wash -      "And you couldn't wash yourself," interrupted his companion gravely,
pocket -      window with his hands in his pocket, whistling a popular hymn. Both
how -      consider how much creasote is carted about London in one day, it is
lady -      lady had arrived who was in the last stage of consumption.  She had
stair -      We heard the steps of our visitors descend the stair and the bang of
main -      rode past the carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for
letters -      usually a great many letters, for he was a public man and well known
more -      we may expect that more from a man who is alone than from one who
london -      arrive in London, it was hard to say which of us was in the worse
quarter -      quarter of an hour's silence is really very showy and superficial. He
charles -      Sir Charles will crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the
hope -      Hope had been summoned before a tribunal where strict justice would
hope -      Our hope was that, by taking train, we might get to Beckenham as soon
pocket -      pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper,
white -      "'That white one with the barred tail, right in the middle of the
chiswick -      Brown, of Laburnum Lodge, Laburnum Vale, Chiswick, and one to Mr.
yonder -      stranger hiding out yonder, and watching and waiting! What's he
white -      scent known as white jessamine. There are seventy-five perfumes,
wish -      wish that she would share the unpleasant impression which had been
riverside -      London, and, finally, maritime London, till we came to a riverside
twenty -      beautiful woman, tall, dark, and slender, some twenty years younger
hole -      We clambered up through the hole. Holmes turned his light once more
stout -      I introduced him in a few words, and we both sat down. The stout
point -      "Upon this one point your whole faith shall be tested--so it has been
water -      water from a caraffe.
start -      now. My darling made use of the few clear days which our start had
old -      "This is my old friend and associate, Dr. Watson, who is helping us
street -      long line of wooden houses, each with its veranda facing the street,
deal -      a great deal of interest which I might tell her of our common
loose -      the porch, and our guide, stumbling among heaps of loose masonry,
read -      McMurdo read the note twice with the utmost surprise; for he could
sudden -      game-cock above the door, Holmes gave a sudden groan and clutched me
moor -      "To walk across the moor?"
milverton -                The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton
point -      illustrating the difference in the ash. It is a point which is
city -      once the abode of wealthy City merchants, we found the sculpture
more -      observations soon made me realize that it was in truth much more
wall -      suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall at the end
hope -      the last words, which were: "Your anxiety will soon, I hope, be set
lady -      "But how came such a man to meet a lady of the standing of Miss
way -      chance threw you in my way, Jack, and I learned to love you, I feared
moor -      A figure was approaching us over the moor, and I saw the dull red
eccles -      Mr. Scott Eccles had fidgeted in his seat during this conversation.
start -      he is making an early start. His carriage is at the door."
yell -      the same instant Lestrade gave a yell of terror and threw himself
lodge -      brothers from the lodge were allowed to come in and see them, each
mere -      will excuse these remarks from one who, though a mere connoisseur of
london -      American, but he has worn his accent smooth with years of London.
angle -      he spoke two men came down the garden path, from round the angle of
heath -      directed to Charlington Heath. It was impossible to mistake the scene
mortimer -      send Mortimer the gardener for the local police. A little later the
street -      Ryder Street adventure."
heath -      Brewer, whom I was once compelled to horsewhip on Newmarket Heath. Do
street -      at my club and did not return to Baker Street until evening. It was
rise -      rise within me at the strange antics of this fleshless man. Even my
bank -      the darkness of the night. Vaguely I could discern the black bank of
keeping -      dangerous company which he was keeping, but each time the influence
reading -      driving rapidly in the direction of Reading, but there all traces of
home -      "Then you can go home. You've had enough. We can send for you if we
esher -      "I drove to the place--about two miles on the south side of Esher.
more -      I trust that I am not more dense than my neighbours, but I was always
twenty -      me in those English woods as she had adored me twenty years ago on
more -      our humble way do something to make things more easy for him until he
tore -      seen. He held our cards in his hand, and he tore them up and stamped
well -      "I am quite well again. I cannot imagine how I came to be so weak. I
hope -      "I hope a wild goose may not prove to be the end of our chase,"
common -      "It is easy to see that your experience has been no common one, Mr.
street -      about it. We pulled up half-way down the street and waited an hour
way -      could only think of one way of doing it. I might land the launch over
way -      threading her way with the skill of an accomplished rider, there
plump -      The plump young man led us to a spot where the top of one of the
pocket -      lens out of his pocket and carefully examined marks which appeared to
surrey -      their windows as we drove through the streets of the Surrey side.
warren -      trespass, because he shot in his own warren."
worth -      dime a dollar for what the business is worth--the better it will be
raise -      down; only just laid there. We had occasion to raise it. We found--"
laid -      cloth cap which he had laid down upon my books. Round one of his
way -      certainly large, and the way in which my feet sank into the carpet as
water -      assault? Is he the man who hobnobbed in rum and water with Black
well -      pounds, which had been so well invested by him that it returned an
how -      "We might possibly want him. Well, we can do no more until we see how
more -      nothing more to do with him.' She rummaged in a bureau, and presently
old -      side. At the far end is an old tumble-down summer-house. Half-way
sound -      was wondering if there were any evidence of such a sound to-night."
how -      "I don't know who you are," he cried, "nor how you come to know what
white -      'White Hart'; but bar that all was quiet enough on the beat. At one
rock -      rock over the point. "There are limits, you see, to our friend's
way -      we must each try our own way and see what comes of it. But there's
yonder -      was he who used the cigar-holder. The younger man sat over yonder; he
point -      governess? All our reasoning seems to point that way. At any rate, we
sheet -      twopence a sheet, and I can often do from fifteen to twenty sheets in
stone -      found myself lying upon the stone floor of a narrow corridor, while a
well -      "We are going well," said he, looking out the window and glancing at
how -      How cruelly I have misjudged him!"
more -      it, and I understand that there are more vacancies than there are
guide -      fellow cutting peat up yonder. Bring him over here, and he will guide
more -      could anything more savage, more appalling, more hellish be conceived
armitage -      that I entered a London banking-house, and as Armitage I was
pocket -      Holmes pulled a large sheet of tissue-paper out of his pocket and
quick -      Milverton had glided as quick as a rat to the side of the room, and
laid -      laid on his bed, and at Holmes's request I examined him. I carried my
more -      I can hardly recall any case where the features have been more
wish -      "I come to a part of my story now in which I should wish to be
lodge -      that--and it is my fear lest evil come to the lodge which makes me
more -      there are sixty more besides yourselves that will see a jail this
steep -      tortuous path, which is steep and slippery. At the bottom of the path
lady -      "I'd be very glad if you could tell me where that lady may be,"
more -      the window, and had drawn the blind once more.
sudden -      curious faculties, this sudden intrusion into my most intimate
tarleton -      record of the Tarleton murders, and the case of Vamberry, the wine
stock -      surely offer a price for it without buying you out, lock, stock, and
well -      "Well, it was evident from what we have heard that Baskerville has
maud -      "I tell you, Maud, not to mix yourself up in the matter," cried her
way -      picked his way to the corner of the building, where a steep stair led
london -      indistinct in the opalescent London reek. Holmes nestled in silence
high -      centre of the glare there stood a small man with a very high head, a
piece -      walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold
read -      would be to shut yourself up for three months and read twelve hours a
flat -      woman. Not only was her first-floor flat invaded at all hours by
lady -      is made, a cord is hung, and a lady who sleeps in the bed dies. Does
well -      usually a great many letters, for he was a public man and well known
twenty -      say it was twenty seconds or so that I lay paralyzed and watched the
wish -      cleared the matter up. I wish I knew how you reach your results."
hound -      print which was actually observed by Dr. Mortimer. The hound was
british -      soft about our British hosts on that occasion, I can assure you. I
way -      yard, and, happening to pick up one of my boys on the way, I
old -      "You are aware that I have some proficiency in the good old British
croydon -      must have heard of the business the day before, since all Croydon was
way -      all I could do to bring him here. He fainted twice upon the way."
how -      "'How can you tell me what you know is false?' I cried. 'Your very
piece -      He took a small piece of torn paper from a note-book and spread it
point -      McMurdo laughed. "I guess I took him on his weak point," he said. "If
more -      Barrymore, paler and more horror-struck than her husband, was
street -      the door of the Foreign Office in Charles Street at quarter to ten in
harrow -      Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally
turn -      garden. Holmes took each face of the house in turn and examined it
well -      them. I was chosen for a job. If I backed down I knew well what would
well -      well as great beauty. Maud Bellamy will always remain in my memory as
more -      ever confronted me. The man had not been on the beach more than a
old -      line. I was wired for at three-fifteen, reached Yoxley Old Place at
wooden -      led by a wooden staircase directly to the first floor of the house.
camberwell -      "In notes to Camberwell post-office."
success -      indifferent success. There was none, however, which appealed to me
pocket -      right-hand pocket of his coat which it would be as well to remove.
lady -      believed that it was out of dread of him that Lady Frances had
hobson -      "I'll tell you. He got out at Hobson's Patch, and so did I. I chanced
pocket -      He drew a small piece of cardboard from his pocket. It was the face
how -      was how I earned the Agra treasure; and you talk to me of justice
quick -      lady had taken a quick step forward and had held out her hand to him,
home -      home. Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to
bury -      wealthy man to come down and bury himself in a place of this kind,
tone -      "Halloa, Beryl!" said he, and it seemed to me that the tone of his
point -      "'Ah, there you lay your finger upon the one point which we shall
dorking -      Miss Miles and Colonel Dorking? Only two days before the wedding
press -      quite understand was what use you could make of a hydraulic press in
london -      "To London?"
mark -      mark on the windowsill was deliberately placed there by Barker, in
read -      How are the Scowrers getting on in your parts? We read plenty of them
york -      Italy, for he was red to the elbow in murder! He had come to New York
more -      "It seems to me to be a little weak," said I. "It is more probable
river -      the narrow, winding streets. Our leader moved across the river,
well -      "Well, you figured it out about right," said Douglas approvingly. "I
way -      inch of the way. But I should never have had the wit to think of such
home -      "Then pray send him home in it. You may safely trust him, for he
commons -      Commons under Pitt."
more -      proof upon my desk. I was absent rather more than an hour.
bradford -      was Mason of Bradford, and the notorious Muller, and Lefevre of
old -      was no trace of him. It is, as I have said, a labyrinth of an old
more -      quite clear that there must be more than one of them. A single man
crew -      main-truck. The crew are his, body and soul. He could buy 'em at so
south -      might claim the property from South America, establish his identity
wish -      not wish him to know of our interview."
more -      there. There were allusions to some deeds--possibly the more
slack -      little devil with the slack end of the rope for it, but it was done,
street -      evening before I returned to Baker Street. Sherlock Holmes had not
old -      Old Hall; Mr. Henderson, High Gable; Rev. Joshua Stone, Nether
eastbourne -      downs five miles from Eastbourne, where his time is divided between
devonshire -      "I never saw a Devonshire man who did not swear by his county," I
quick -      The quick eye of my companion had noted some change in her manner.
fareham -      returning from Fareham in the twilight, and as the country was
common -      of common quality, grayish in colour. The address, "Sir Henry
castle -      scandal it was of use to me, and also in the Arnsworth Castle
mere -      mischief, watching my intellectual entanglement. The mere sight of
south -      shortly after the conclusion of the South African War. Holmes had
strand -      the Strand. His characteristic talk, with its keen observance of
laid -      "Yes, it was laid across the bush."
old -      person, but rather of the old regime. Shall we make him unbend? Dare
woodley -      moustache, Mr. Woodley by name, who was always there. We had got as
dull -      dull, indeed, if I do not pronounce him to be an active member of the
street -      undoubtedly the tall, dark man whom I had addressed in the street. I
close -      useless. We walked, and our way took us close to the office. Suddenly
sudden -      presence. He could not fail to connect my sudden return with his
began -      "You will excuse my calling so late," she began, and then, suddenly
lead -      lead him to say something unguarded. The Boots volunteered to show me
woodley -      "I see. You got the young lady into your service, and there Woodley
more -      Heaven help the man, and still more the woman, whose secret and
stapleton -      the women concerned in the case, Mrs. Stapleton and Mrs. Laura Lyons,
mere -      foolish a thing is avarice. The mere feeling of possession has been
moor -      the eaves, and so homeward across the moor, there being three leagues
holland -      delicately and successfully for the reigning family of Holland.
well -      that I have done you very well in the matter of a report. Much of
send -      "Then you can go home. You've had enough. We can send for you if we
more -      and his great bright eyes looking at me I could stand no more of it.
sound -      guggling, gargling sound, and a brisk drumming upon woodwork. Holmes
lodge -      To right and left of him were the higher lodge officials, the cruel,
more -      would have thought no more of knifing him than of smoking this cigar.
lady -      "I will tell you the meaning of it," cried the lady, sweeping into
holland -      can't forget it. By all means go to Holland, and you can get a boat
glass -      very high stone wall topped with broken glass. A single narrow
hart -      roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. Apply Dr.
shop -      himself and, swinging it over his head, smashed the shop window
more -      I have seen more than that,' said he, 'for Hugo Baskerville passed me
more -      more than my nerves can stand."
well -      very valuable one, and an unscrupulous man might very well run a risk
simpson -      country, you may remember. There was Simpson--the fellow we called
turn -      sufferer's breathing would stop for a time, his face would turn
sovereign -      Holmes held up a sovereign.
way -      Tobias Gregson's way of going to work. You remember the hat beside
catch -      No doubt the object of our journey was to catch him in the very act,
more -      Yes, Mrs. Hudson was right. He was more masterful than ever. It was
read -      read out the whole title, Practical Handbook of Bee Culture, with
old -      report to where he sat in the old tapestry-hung dining-room with his
home -      the last twenty years. She has hardly been away from her home for a
white -      white men's day was come, for through all the land he could hear of
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins swore between his teeth and struck his thigh with his
winchester -      Bradshaw. "It is due at Winchester at 11.30."
home -      home would be secured for the Barrymores. But surely such an
wall -      hand towards the line of portraits which covered the opposite wall.
well -      "Well, I've had a good day and no mistake," said the cabman, with a
street -      off a message, and then, at last, we made for Baker Street once more.
well -      "It is true," Holmes answered. "Up to a certain point he did well. He
read -      said nothing, but I, who knew him so well, could read in his face
stamford -      Stamford's for the Ordnance map of this portion of the moor, and my
more -      a blow from a stick, and he remembered nothing more until he found us
london -      return to London, leaving my results entirely at your service. I owe
middle -      middle size, but was built upon graceful and active lines. His face
more -      was more agreeable. He was a dark, sallow, clean-shaven, silent
raw -      our custom, to feed the beast. We carried with us the raw meat in a
old -      old quarters in Baker Street. A young doctor, named Verner, had
kensington -      to Kensington and see what the manager of Harding Brothers has to say
shop -      The woman in the shop answered me without hesitation that it was to
bank -      complete manner one of the most determined attempts at bank robbery
london -      "And brought Miss Hunter down from London in order to get rid of the
way -      went her way, with a promise to come again whenever she might be
home -      "Shall I send you home in my trap?" asked old Cunningham.
more -      "The more reason why you should avoid a public investigation."
london -      Grosvenor Hotel in London.  At his advice, on the afternoon of the
rose -      out when first I saw the light flashing upon the lens." He rose and
street -      Regent Street, outside the Cafe Royal. The attack was made by two men
white -      tearing sound, one of the broad, white stones turned over upon its
weeks -      weeks. I sent a hundred pounds to the nurse, and I gave her
more -      These few inquiries proved, however, to be a more lengthy proceeding
charles -      cleaning out Sir Charles's study--it had never been touched since his
how -      "Only in colour. His face was--how shall I describe it?--it was of a
selden -      candle from over the rock--the face of Selden, the criminal.
well -      "Well, something was worrying him the night before, and if it was to
tongue -      It contained a loaf of bread, a tinned tongue, and two tins of
beach -      A couple of days later Major Sholto was strolling on the beach: so I
well -      "Well, unless he has a burrow close by or a change of clothes ready,
more -      it the more impossible for me to screen him in any way. I fear that
stones -      stones were used when, in Jacobean times, a brick country house rose
brunton -      inquiries about Brunton. There was no doubt about it that he had
point -      "There was one small point," remarked Sherlock Holmes. "When you
worth -      at present, and that it is worth our while to run any risk in order
way -      autumn rains it is an awful place. And yet I can find my way to the
more -      "D'you think you know more about fowls than I, who have handled them
high -      his nerves, and before morning he lay delirious in a high fever,
ashes -      precipitately as he had entered. Holmes knocked out the ashes of his
way -      Holmes looked at Blessington in his questioning way and shook his
devonshire -      rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city. Inspector Gregory
piece -      "This was an unexpected piece of luck. My data were coming more
green -      up from the flat, green landscape and told of the glory and
how -      his country. I told Holmes how the matter stood, my heart bubbling
station -      station, leaving Lestrade still staring with a delighted face at the
how -      body; but in this instance it was very necessary to find out how much
worth -      "Well, it might be worth trying. But he has told her most of his sins
milverton -      it was too dangerous, with Milverton in the next room, to switch on
well -      "Well, you can take it from me you've no show when they are on your
scott -      "And it is my duty to warn Mr. Scott Eccles that it may be used
more -      my presence for one more night would incommode them. A somewhat
street -      lit street. "Now, I wonder who the deuce that could have been."
way -      "'Then it must be the other way that the thief took,' cried the
worth -      difference. It was worth an effort to preserve it. The daughter was
surrey -      through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village
lady -      of the young lady's adventure, for the road runs between the open
openshaw -      "The papers which Openshaw carried are obviously of vital importance
read -      other winced as he read the menace in his eyes.
more -      "Now, sir, I must ask you more particularly what this document is,
stapleton -      would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once
mortimer -      Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, and Frankland, of Lafter Hall, let me end
old -      see more than such a collection of old trunks and bundles as would be
water -      water," I remarked.
way -      lie stretched upon the cushion, breathing in a laboured way, but
walls -      bluebottles, and the floor and walls were like a slaughter-house. He
well -      orders. You know very well that I must stick to regulations. I can
rise -      From the instant that we passed the rise we could no longer see the
rose -      stones were used when, in Jacobean times, a brick country house rose
point -      drawn my circle, and I only wish I knew at what point upon it the
staunton -      "Where was Mr. Staunton when he received it?"
manor -      of the Manor House did not pass without remark, and it bulked larger
glass -      "Well, that's enough," said McGinty, draining off his glass. "I came
worth -      he had purchased his own Stradivarius, which was worth at least five
lane -      Upper Swandam Lane is a vile alley lurking behind the high wharves
dull -      hands to the sill, when his blow fell. I was conscious of a dull
rode -      seemed to be settling his necktie. Then he mounted his cycle and rode
true -      "That's true enough, and we'll talk till the cows come home of the
water -      of water. But it is the tobacco which I find most irksome. Ah, here
turn -      natural turn for diplomacy. I am bound, therefore, to hope that it is
south -      South America, is none other than Holy Peters, one of the most
read -      read for myself the stuff that he is made of. When I had given
emsworth -      Colonel Emsworth pointed to me.
way -      great deal together. By the way, a curious paper was found in papa's
start -      presence. Then with a start he seemed to come from his reverie, and
water -      splash in the water. The night, however, was extremely dark and
more -      it. More puzzled than ever I retraced my steps to Kensington. I had
more -      down, cows had left their tracks. Nothing more.
staunton -      Rugger team of Cambridge 'Varsity, and Godfrey Staunton is my best
hollows -      could hardly have been overlooked in such Sleepy Hollows. The doctor
more -      "It seems to show that someone knows more than we do about what goes
north -      Nevada to Nebraska, and from the Yellowstone River in the north to
way -      help the police in any way. For all they cared it might have been me,
moor -      seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville
burrow -      saw it. This must be the burrow where the stranger lurked. At last my
way -      consequential way. "Our friend here is a wonderful man for starting a
pitt -      Commons under Pitt."
beech -      beech, the largest tree in the neighbourhood. Holmes traced his way
inch -      breath came quick and fast, and every inch of the lithe figure was
park -      About half a mile from the town, standing in an old park famous for
quarter -      It was a quarter past six when we left Baker Street, and it still
point -      that he was on the point of telling me something. He spoke one
charing -      here to Charing Cross. But I think I have the key of the affair now."
lady -      door, leave things as we found them, go with this lady to her room,
way -      Ferguson tried to force his way to his wife he would find it no easy
how -      wondered, as I always did, how it had not been obvious to me before.
woodcock -      brace of cold woodcock, a pheasant, a pÃ¢tÃ© de foie gras pie with a
sussex -      had a call from Inspector Bardle of the Sussex Constabulary--a
avenue -      haggard face bore the reflection of some great disaster. The avenue
more -      Stanger got his full deserts there would be more trouble than we need
furnace -      burned them in the central furnace. There is my story, Mr. Holmes,
eye -      Holmes, taking the paper and glancing his eye down it. "This is the
point -      say so, the only really clear point in the whole case."
main -      The dog had suddenly turned out of the main road into a grass-grown
vicarage -      The lodger occupied two rooms at the vicarage, which were in an angle
how -      been opened since last night. How of the window?" He carried the lamp
rooms -      whole building from basement to attics. Most of the rooms were
how -      "How do you know this, Barrymore?"
openshaw -      "I have them in the hollow of my hand. Young Openshaw shall not long
old -      The old man put on a very knowing expression.
athelney -      At this moment Athelney Jones thrust his broad face and heavy
harmony -      time has now come for fraternal refreshment and for harmony."
quick -      "No, sir," said the Prime Minister, with the quick, decisive manner
laid -      The table was all laid, and just as I was about to ring Mrs. Hudson
more -      worse as Alice grew up, for he soon saw I was more afraid of her
well -      until I come back?' Well, we talked it over, and he had fixed it all
stove -      run the house. You can sit down by the stove in the front room until
saline -      snow, and in summer are grey with the saline alkali dust. They all
more -      more especially when he has the drink. If it please you, she went to
guide -      Our guide's answer was a singular one. He snatched off the dark beard
british -      lady to a British peeress.'"
quarter -      begun operations in another quarter of London. There's coffee on the
knock -      to knock me up. What was it that Mr. Sherlock Holmes wanted, sir?"
eye -      "Come, sir," said he. "There is more in this than meets the eye. How
stone -      into Ross, Holmes still carrying with him the stone which he had
tor -      he be the stranger whom I saw upon the tor?
brigham -      than the great Brigham Young himself. Full of trepidation--for he
mortimer -      farmers. There is our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be
liverpool -      boats from Liverpool. It is clear that this unfortunate man was about
bradshaw -      Bradshaw. The dictionary is, I fear, inadmissible for the same
send -      you will send for a hansom, desiring your man to take neither the
well -      "Well, that was the situation. If I could lie low for a while and
bloomsbury -      tall and beautiful woman--the mysterious lodger of Bloomsbury. Slowly
laid -      sitting-room. I laid his offence before him. I told him that I had
dunbar -      "What were the exact relations between you and Miss Dunbar?"
acton -      "We had no clue in the Acton affair. But here we have plenty to go
mark -      along it with a letter in his hand.  It bore the mark of the hotel
douglas -      murdered man--this Douglas whose approaching fate was known by one of
loose -      loose upon it; that would go far to explain everything. But where
swallow -      will probably swallow up the remainder of his fortune and so draw his
dull -      against the dull deposit of alkali. Approach, and examine them! They
rooms -      the clergyman's scanty resources by taking rooms in his large,
well -      well be imagined, had every sense on the alert. And I had need, for
way -      them in every way. We shall wait here until your return."
mark -      window, mark the sill with blood, take the wedding ring off the dead
pocket -      pocket. I trust that he may not remember any of the answers which I
how -      "How did you know it, then?"
wig -      which might be changed by a razor or a wig, I could not doubt that it
glass -      "Well, she took her glass, but now it is often a whole bottle of an
street -      fetch Mr. Culverton Smith, of 13 Lower Burke Street."
beckenham -      painful history.  She is living at present at The Myrtles, Beckenham.
white -      her chair, and I saw that the pink nails had turned white with the
oxford -      Oxford Street."
how -      must act as my own chronicler. Ah! had he but been with me, how much
street -      street, and was traversed by a narrow pathway, yellowish in colour,
how -      "How can he be listening with that music going?"
white -      caÃ±ons; and there are enormous plains, which in winter are white with
more -      "I see. And you saw no more of him?"
edge -      an end at the edge of it.
moor -      towards the rain-lashed window which faced the moor. "There's foul
common -      it is a very common book."
cross -      near the old stone cross upon the moor. He left them shortly after
real -      it was only a plaster cast and of no real value whatever.
dundee -      for the third. On the stock was engraved 'S.S.. Sea Unicorn, Dundee.'
stones -      stood two of those great stones, still to be seen there, which were
way -      Watson? Step this way, if you please, gentlemen, and I think I can
shoscombe -      can you give me some idea of Shoscombe Old Place?"
stapleton -      "Stapleton was with me when I heard it last. He said that it might be
somerton -      "The surgeon, Dr. Somerton, was a fast, sporting young chap, and the
crew -      had ascertained the names of the crew of the Sea Unicorn in 1883.
home -      aspect, who, it seems, made his home there. Both he and the Lascar
old -      It was not, I must confess, a very alluring prospect. The old house
tyburn -      stone-cast of old Tyburn Tree of evil memory, looked golden and
more -      believe that you have done. Never mind," he continued, more brightly,
read -      the note was taken to his room. Godfrey read it and fell back in a
main -      clear enough. It is likely that his main idea was to burgle the
hole -      within. Then he leaned the powder bag against it, ripped a hole in it
home -      then in our country home my wife and I were just as happy as could be
muirhead -      Ferguson and Muirhead, tea brokers, of Mincing Lane, and that the
white -      behind this I drove one of the birds--a fine big one, white, with a
true -      the true state of affairs without betraying one who certainly
way -      could find your way there again.'
stream -      he dashed in wild pursuit amid the stream of the traffic, but the
lodge -      "That's good enough. I'm Brother Scanlan, Lodge 341, Vermissa Valley.
well -      and wants to marry her this time. You want to stop it. Well, you
wish -      is anything you would wish more light upon--well, I am here to give
quarter -      It was not a long vigil. Within a quarter of an hour we saw the big
amberley -      "I had hardly entered the gateway before I saw Mr. Amberley coming
london -      house.  It was a quarter to ten before we reached London Bridge, and
weeks -      to narrate them to you. I have only just recovered from nine weeks of
market -      Peter Carey's evidence how these securities came on the market it
edge -      grasp. He sat down opposite to me, drew the lamp to the edge of the
hillside -      "Among the old houses on the hillside--the stone huts where the old
dull -      paused and looked round the room with his dull, malevolent eyes. "Who
street -      sister Sarah lives, I think you said, at New Street, Wallington?
strode -      He strode off upon his way, while Stackhurst, with angry eyes, stood
glass -      glass gave way before him; but before he got quite through, Gregson,
true -      "True for you," said McGinty. "And we'll learn from Birdy Edwards
deal -      "Well, good-morning, Mr. Gibson. You have a good deal yet to learn."
hammer -      and jumped for a hammer that I'd left on the mantel. At the same
well -      "Well, that was reasonable and considerate," said Holmes. "Come,
mortimer -      As I walked back I was overtaken by Dr. Mortimer driving in his
law -      are breaking the law now, and not me. I have done nothing actionable
old -      old lovers are the worst. Come into the billiard-room and have a
well -      "Well, the scandal has been pretty clear for a long time."
village -      a number of village gossips whose acquaintance he had cultivated.
tottenham -      crop of a goose in Tottenham Court Road at the other. You see,
london -      At London Bridge, Holmes wrote a telegram to his brother, which he
rose -      "It rose and fell with the wind. Isn't that the direction of the
how -      How did you know it was there?"
grey -      behind the hotel, and so made my way into his room in the grey of the
how -      Charlington Hall. Then, again, how about the connection between
well -      that, Mr. Holmes? You've made a silly blunder, and you may as well
wall -      occupants were painted at the bottom on the wall, but there was no
how -      talk about nothing but violins, narrating with great exultation how
borne -      borne trouble with a calm face as long as there was some one weaker
raise -      "We will raise as much as we can in money, and let the rest go. To
london -      Professor Moriarty. Jonathan Wild was the hidden force of the London
worth -      thousand of Prescott's notes worth a hundred each and fit to pass
america -      who was said to have gone to America. You were chosen, doubtless, as
pocket -      side. Stanley Hopkins drew the key from his pocket, and had stooped
well -      quiet, inscrutable fellow, as most of those Indians are. He is well
lane -      we turned down a narrow lane and passed through a small side-door,
sound -      bound tightly round his head. As we entered he made neither sound nor
old -      a linen bag which contained within it a mass of old rusted and
old -      As to the other denizens of the old building, it will suffice out of
canada -      heir in Canada. In any case he would very soon learn it from his
how -      how could one compare the ruffian who in hot blood bludgeons his mate
way -      upon her way.
rock -      border of the melancholy Daubensee, a large rock which had been
eccles -      "And it is my duty to warn Mr. Scott Eccles that it may be used
turn -      broken. In a single month I seemed to see my gallant boy turn into a
well -      "Well then, I shan't tell you. So now!"
began -      free from all impressions. I naturally began by examining the
drawbridge -      Ames had turned the windlass which lowered the drawbridge. Mr. Barker
street -      the day, so we made our way back to Baker Street. It was not till
lock -      force the lock! This time his skill was greater or his tool was
thames -      We did indeed bet a fleeting view of a stretch of the Thames with the
read -      had all three read this epistle. "Did I not tell you how quick and
heath -      the Heath.
lyons -      "I have great hopes of what Mrs. Laura Lyons may do for us when the
read -      have read the accusation in the other's eyes."
stair -      door behind us. Holmes let the way up the curving, uncarpeted stair.
ross -      body. Then I asked him who Mr. Duncan Ross was. He answered that the
well -      "And they were posted to-day at Gravesend. Well, Mrs. St. Clair, the
way -      "By the way, Sherlock," said he, "I have had something quite after
hound -      the case of the Hound goes, however, I will give you the course of
quick -      man.  "Snake-catcher is what I call them, and Teddy is amazing quick
victory -      victory in the shape of this battered hat and a most unimpeachable
letters -      they are quite new, no two of them write exactly alike. Some letters
how -      first, and how long I had to wait before I succeeded in making any
street -      The Capital and Counties Bank, Oxford Street branch, are my agents."
street -      kaleidoscope of life as it ebbs and flows through Fleet Street and
well -      quiet ever since, knowing well that if the Brotherhood knew where he
reading -      were sitting about and reading papers, each in his own little nook.
norwood -      theories. How lucky that I happened to be out at Norwood over another
way -      and she endeavoured to push her way in, uttering very abusive
well -      well, but horrified beyond expression by the dreadful deed he had
charles -      I knew already that Sir Charles Baskerville had made Stapleton his
stream -      "--diverting the stream; so I thought it best to explain matters
lady -                     THE DISAPPEARANCE OF LADY FRANCES CARFAX
high -      work, and I walked back in high spirits to Farnham. The local
kennington -      "She left the office and I followed her. She walked up the Kennington
well -      invaded in this way. However, it is just as well that you should all
cunningham -      "To Mr. Cunningham's?"
marine -      "A sergeant, sir, Royal Marine Light Infantry, sir. No answer? Right,
rooms -      uneasy, as I understand, because your new lodger remains in his rooms
piece -      plucked out from under his covering a short, round piece of wood,
dawn -      dawn. Wait, young man, and you will learn for yourself."
way -      "No, my dear fellow--in my way."
lover -      Jules Vibart, the lover of the maid, had any suggestion to offer. He
woolwich -      Woolwich branch of the Capital and Counties Bank. Through this his
boscombe -      The Boscombe Pool, which is a little reed-girt sheet of water some
how -      connection. You can hardly realize, then, how difficult I found it at
real -      he, "my real name is James Ryder."
well -      "Well," said I, laughing.
elm -      "'Under the elm.'
moor -      moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. A cold wind
way -      over-bright pawnbroker out of the way for a number of hours every
street -      credit to the Bow Street cells, does he?" He slipped his key into the
hound -      "Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there have been many
warren -      "Knocking Mr. Warren about?"
march -      inconvenienced by you; at the end of March I was absolutely hampered
fence -      place, however, on the wooden fence which skirts the road which shows
town -      town. He had been seen talking earnestly to Madame on the promenade
street -      "13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch. A weary way from here."
old -      boss of the Joint. He was a clever man, was old Patrick. It was he
sound -      the sound of voices raised, and I had a pretty good idea what the
point -      unsullied honour, and I always felt it was leading to the point; but
quick -      of it." A quick blush passed over her fresh young face as Holmes shot
hill -      vague borderland between Notting Hill and Kensington. The particular
box -      tin box, and an elementary book on botany, there are instructive days
bow -      credit to the Bow Street cells, does he?" He slipped his key into the
old -      driver pointed with his whip to two old brick and timber gables which
den -      until the early morning. So it was to-day. I was sitting in my den,
grey -      speech. His face set hard, and a baleful light sprang up in his grey
deal -      "He has a good deal to thank you for, and so have I," she answered,
beckenham -      Our hope was that, by taking train, we might get to Beckenham as soon
way -      way, is their normal state--the matter is laid before me. I examine
how -      came there, or how he met his fate, are questions which are still
point -      indications seem to point to serious crime. Surprise was expressed at
wish -      are one or two points upon which I wish to be very sure before I
wall -      wall at the time and looking at the geese which were waddling about
start -      your horse will start upon Tuesday, and I beg that you will have your
stapleton -      heard my name from our mutual friend, Mortimer. I am Stapleton, of
crag -      crag, where the rocks offered some protection from the chill wind,
more -      manner had shaken me more than I cared to confess, I still shook my
link -      "But no chain is stronger than its weakest link."
lawn -      visit. Holmes walked slowly up and down the ill-trimmed lawn and
america -      America, and she came back to live with a maiden aunt at Pinner, in
well -      well, my friend," said he. "I promise that before to-morrow evening
send -      fellow. He would send a scout on ahead, and if anything made him
central -      this house all servants sleep in the modern wing. This central block
deal -      but I need not tell you that it means a very great deal to the
steel -      I heard a click of steel and a bellow like an enraged bull. The next
sound -      and sat smoking cigarettes without making the least sound. It was
hound -      upon his black mare, and there ran mute behind him such a hound of
water -      I walked round the edge of the water, my comrades in Indian file
street -      house in Brook Street, and to-night they came to such a head that I
clarendon -      which by the learned Lord Clarendon I most earnestly commend to your
old -      the lodge, and we'll soon make old man Pinkerton sorry for himself."
law -      deep organizing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and
well -      "Oh, well, he was very good about it. He laughed, I remember, and
lee -      "Some years ago--to be definite, in May, 1884--there came to Lee a
flash -      he begins to flash. Take the message also, Watson, that we may check
drift -      impatiently as he watched its sluggish drift.
true -      It is true that I have had only the one glance at him, and yet there
simpson -      Baldy Simpson-- and Anderson, and I. We were clearing brother Boer,
edge -      which showed by its ragged edge that it had indeed been torn from a
white -      I looked at the broad plumed hat, the curling love-locks, the white
how -      How they murdered him I do not know, save that it was Murillo's hand
douglas -      found out that he had not heard from Italy. Then came Douglas's
more -      "Of course you would. Meanwhile, have you anything more to tell us
hilton -      I had his answer Hilton Cubitt sent me the last message from Slaney.
wall -      wall. This brought his hand within a few inches of the broken end of
point -      as to the man's guilt! It was a purely technical legal point and the
eagle -      long, curved nose like the beak of an eagle. He was well dressed, but
mark -      names of the people. I want you to take it home with you, and to mark
well -      on which, as is well known, Dr. Trevelyan is an authority. He
more -      are bones: some large and coarse, others smaller and more delicate.
home -      our unknown had followed Baskerville home we should have had the
quick -      had all three read this epistle. "Did I not tell you how quick and
quarter -      lower quarter of Lambeth. I had to knock for some time at No. 3
mortimer -      There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the
point -      which is right. Just notice this point, Mr. Holmes: that so far as we
laid -      We carried her upstairs, laid her on the sofa, and a couple of cups
rocks -      until he came to the retired corner, screened with rocks, where the
way -      we made our way into the weighing enclosure, where only owners and
old -      so old and discoloured that it may have dated from the original
settle -      settle down again for he became engaged to Rachel Howells, our second
adelaide -      a saloon-fight at Adelaide in '89--confirmed my suspicion. This poor
heads -      heads of the Baskervilles. The lodge was a ruin of black granite and
tudor -      Tudor chimneys and a lichen-spotted, high-pitched roof of Horsham
touch -      Scotland Yard in touch with this business--and yet, it is too
stair -      The house had a common stair, and there were a number of names
moor -      moor.
turn -      him the address in Chicago. He in turn had had it from someone else.
well -      really done very well indeed. It is true that you have missed
town -      "Well, then, you've lost your fiver, for it's town bred," snapped the
ash -      flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any
wood -      darting to right and left among the litter of iron and wood which was
well -      proved a broken reed. Well, there is nothing for it but another
way -      wooden leg I was to make my way up to it. I learned, however, about a
began -      valuable? Or is it possible that--" He began biting his nails and
reach -      began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the terrible
toller -      The Rucastles will be gone by that time, and Toller will, we hope, be
border -      hound had kept upon the grassy border while the baronet had run down
waterloo -      Waterloo at eight."
aldersgate -      We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short
wales -      Carston Castle, Bangor, Wales. Lord of the Admiralty, 1872; Chief
stapleton -      "It was very essential for Stapleton to get some article of Sir
how -      "I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes. I heard from Major Prendergast how
old -      At his heels came our old friend Lestrade, of Scotland Yard--thin and
hope -      "I hope we may clear him, Miss Turner," said Sherlock Holmes.  "You
athelney -      person than Mr. Athelney Jones was shown up to me. Very different was
street -      Baker Street,
more -      mine, and what could be more natural? Besides," he added, not
vicarage -      "The Vicarage.
laid -      "Of course I remembered him," said I as I laid down the letter. "Big
wells -      Tunbridge Wells then that he had become conscious of some danger. It
weeks -      weeks in one of our great University towns, and it was during this
border -      examined the stone ledge and the grass border beyond it.
more -      unparalleled good fortune. It only needs one more Garrideb to
way -      added hotly, "considering I've come all the way from the centre of
sound -      fashion. In an instant, without the least sound to warn us of his
how -      still vague, but at least I knew how I could make it clear. It was
nook -      for the needs of life. Choosing a sheltered nook, he piled together a
moor -      sight of the moor," said Dr. Mortimer, pointing out of the carriage
whale -      was a most daring and successful seal and whale fisher. In 1883 he
spring -      With a single spring Holmes had leaped from the dummy's chair and had
manor -      renewing the custom of the old feudal days the Manor House was
more -      was more than an hour before we could get Inspector Gregson and
toller -      loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of
sudden -      to be. On the contrary, from his point of view, any sudden chance
how -      looked in to know how your self-appointed task was progressing."
church -      listen to another man. As far as the church door he brought her, and
lodge -      A vote of thanks and confidence was passed in full lodge, and so for
how -      "How comes it that he is unknown?"
clayton -      John Clayton departed chuckling, and Holmes turned to me with a shrug
flash -      furiously driven whizzed round and was on me like a flash.  I sprang
gower -      "Half a dozen, and two to guard the door. You'll come, Gower, and
lodge -      the rules of this lodge takes precedence. Now Brother, we attend
heads -      his extraordinary height. I don't think any of our heads would have
warren -      for ten days, and neither Mr. Warren, nor I, nor the girl has once
way -      way.' That's the whole truth." Without waiting for any further
moor -      "They shuffled and lied--said that they found it on the moor on
letters -      "Where did you address your letters, then?"
paris -      deceased had for some reason lived a double life in London and Paris.
knock -      longer. I did not even knock when I reached it, but turned the handle
letters -      There were a number of letters, bills, and note-books, which Holmes
water -      stood a dish of oranges and a carafe of water. As we passed it
true -      been burned, had you lived a few centuries ago. It is true that I had
more -      If, on the other hand, as I fancy is more likely, the inmates were
letters -      client that these letters should be placed in the hands of the Earl,
close -      building close beside us. A yellow bar falling across the black
well -      "Well, well, Mrs. Warren, let us hear about it, then.  You don't
cross -      "It certainly did cross my mind that it might be a little dull--less
more -      rubbed his hands when we found ourselves in the street once more.
well -      discovery of the bodies in a disused well, cleverly concealed by a
winchester -      the far side of Winchester. It is the most lovely country, my dear
how -      Holmes," said he. "How does this bear on the case?"
appledore -      would step down to Appledore Towers and give us the benefit of your
way -      exceedingly obliged to you, Mr. Holmes, for the workmanlike way in
paddock -      "You have a few sheep in the paddock," he said. "Who attends to
lady -      any unnecessary trouble, Lady Brackenstall, and my whole desire is to
how -      make pursuit easy if the police did happen to get on his track. How,
sussex -      me for a time, far from the Sussex Manor House of Birlstone, and far
well -      hope. If you fail me, then my honor as well as my position are
well -      "Well, we've lived there fifteen years and no such happenings ever
somerton -      day when Dr. Somerton was down with a fever a little Andaman Islander
way -      in the act of assaulting this poor lad in the most unprovoked way.
read -      called for." My friend tore it open and we all three read it
old -      old observance called the Musgrave Ritual. It is a sort of ceremony
camberwell -      "Yes," said Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell
main -      must be our main hope, for the brother is, of course, a complete
well -      we paid him well, and he was to get something handsome if we reached
rise -      "That's better," said he, seeing the shadow rise from my face. "And
well -      "Well, there are plenty of us about. You won't find the order more
leatherhead -      drove to Leatherhead, from whence I have come on this morning with
lady -      "I see. You got the young lady into your service, and there Woodley
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins gave a cry of joy.
weeks -      several weeks. She had been much liked by all who met her. Her age
well -      "Well, you are their employer, ain't you? It's up to you to see that
street -      street?"
hound -      thing. Take that, you hound, and that!--and that!--and that!"
old -      "'Oh, any old key will fit that bureau. When I was a youngster I have
station -      in the light of the station lamps that he was very pale, and
grove -      into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there
grey -      rose some miles to our left, or to a low, grey village which lay in
moor -      The sun had set and dusk was settling over the moor. The air had
mere -      "Surely it must be a mere coincidence."
way -      it the more impossible for me to screen him in any way. I fear that
dartmoor -      "To Dartmoor; to King's Pyland."
steps -      mind, you know the steps which I took in order to put the matter to
well -      "'Well,' said she, 'I want a hundred pounds.'
bow -      fall of his bow. Then I seemed to be floated peacefully away upon a
well -      "Well, it is conjectured to be so. I shall take nothing for granted
station -      I walked down to the station with them, and then wandered through the
catch -      should ever catch a glimpse of him.  Her feminine perception,
wish -      why do they wish to molest you?"
catch -      delicate one, and that he must go alone. I could not catch what
point -      "That is just the point which I want to come to, Mrs. Douglas. You
den -      "Holmes!" I whispered, "what on earth are you doing in this den?"
box -      Our captive sat in the cabin opposite to the iron box which he had
street -      draped round it that the illusion from the street was absolutely
more -      danger--ever present danger, which is the more terrible because I am
quarter -      acquaintance is a philanthropist who has spent nearly a quarter of a
thong -      others, because the thong is commonly passed between. These little
how -      decrees by murder. Now you see how the affair begins to clear up. The
row -      prisons," he continued, pointing to a row of bottles and jars which
douglas -      Douglas in America and had there lived on intimate terms with him. He
glass -      "The glass still keeps very high," he remarked as he sat down. "It is
california -      "How long were you with Douglas in California?" asked Inspector
old -      The old colourman had the strength of a lion in that great trunk of
more -      affability is more deadly than the violence of coarser souls. His
deal -      or suspected a very great deal more than he dared say. He had a
grosvenor -      "Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture
dacre -      bedroom at the Dacre Hotel, where it was lost, to the interior of
gravesend -      very coarse one and was stamped with the Gravesend postmark and with
hook -      seen a dead pig swung from a hook in the ceiling, and a gentleman in
stockwell -      Stockwell Place. Robert Street. Cold Harbor Lane. Our quest does not
lady -      between this young lady and the old soldier, which the former had now
more -      you may take my word for it that this will come to more than your
lane -      from the high road into a narrow lane, deeply rutted, with hedges on
began -      such as to rivet our attention. He began by taking a clean white
point -      upon that point. We have known each other since we were little
mere -      "Oh, it may be a mere fancy of mine; but it has seemed to me
reach -      knife to bear upon the cord. I could not reach the place by at least
how -      "And how long have you been playing this trick upon us, Mr. Holmes?"
flushing -      flushing up to the roots of his flaming head. "If you can do nothing
start -      It will be a great start for you. As to the pistol, you'll find it
how -      it if he had not scrambled off. That was how he came to leave his
water -      water, for there was no sign of the stone, and I knew that some
county -      The county police are at their wits' end, and I have come up to you
street -      A minute later we were in the street once more. Holmes was as cool as
way -      time, and in this way I saw a deal of my sister-in-law, Sarah. She
well -      "No, indeed. Well, it only meant that we waited half an hour or so
row -      Row about one o'clock in the morning--two days before the
lodge -      McGinty. He is the Bodymaster of Vermissa Lodge, and nothing can
pocket -      him and had drawn an envelope from the inside pocket of the coat
mountain -      mountain goat. A lucky long shot of my revolver might have crippled
compass -      small compass. If he did not do it, then who did?"
london -      my hold on Black Peter, and was stranded in London without a
lead -      up, to say and do nothing which could lead to so undesirable an end.
way -      Scanlan and McMurdo made their way back; Scanlan somewhat subdued,
college -      the college, and got his Blue for the hurdles and the long jump. He
way -      Professor's room. There is no exit that way?"
how -      she was gone he realised how crushing a misfortune this would be for
hope -      I was given a hut in Hope Town, which is a small place on the slopes
manor -      much older building, the Manor House of Birlstone presents one of the
more -      a few of her more valued possessions. Opening the window very slowly
sydney -      Sydney, where Evans and I changed our names and made our way to the
more -      acted as interpreter in a second interview, even more dramatic than
acton -      little elderly gentleman, who was introduced to me as the Mr. Acton
green -      to tuft behind it, his green net waving in the air. His gray clothes
well -      still alive and well, though somewhat crippled by occasional attacks
more -      wife--a friendship which more than once seemed to cause some
warren -      "Wait a bit, Mrs. Warren. Do nothing rash. I begin to think that this
glass -      and a blue curtain was drawn across the glass work in front.  It was
street -      Patient and the Brook Street Doctor. From that night nothing has been
white -      "That's not my horse," cried the owner. "That beast has not a white
way -      might look black against me, and any way my secret would be out if I
street -      from Gelder & Co., in Church Street, Stepney. They are a well-known
close -      a close inspection for the water-mark. In doing so I held it within a
how -      "How do you deduce that?"
charles -      next election, has cast a gloom over the county. Though Sir Charles
old -      renewing the custom of the old feudal days the Manor House was
street -      main street of Birlstone village; for he was a frequent and welcome
way -      short life if he had his way--the black-eyed, scowling, yellow
more -      male ear was pierced for an earring which is so much more common
wall -      the body, and there, under certain bricks in the best-preserved wall,
city -      farthest east of the City. Hitherto his orgies had always been
close -      "These two men, close and confidential friends, are the centre of the
british -      Street, a narrow thoroughfare at the northeast side of the British
grove -      We turn to the country on the north. Here there lies a grove of
point -      "It is a small point, Count Sylvius, but perhaps you would kindly
lead -      "Well, Watson, that's done it," said Holmes as he fastened the lead
well -      extreme fringe of the town and stood well back from the road. In any
village -      bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village. There were
how -      himself through it. Such an idea was absurd. I was measuring how tall
lyons -      "To see Mrs. Laura Lyons?"
knock -      knock our landlady entered, bearing a card upon the brass salver.
more -      England than with my own conscience. Let us know a little more before
start -      start off into the darkness, when one of the miners accosted him.
scale -      "The old scale of pay, and a guinea to the boy who finds the boat.
village -      miles from the village. The place we want must be somewhere near that
coombe -      letter, so I took the more notice of it. It was from Coombe Tracey,
mortimer -      Mortimer to Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the
success -      forward, wrung my hand, and congratulated me warmly on my success.
bonds -      kicked off his bonds, which he had somehow contrived to loosen, and
how -      "Pshaw! They did not know how to look."
well -      "Well, you know what my instructions are. I am sorry to intrude, but
well -      "Well, state your case, Mr. Mac," said Holmes in his most judicial
reading -      "At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station.
inch -      down one inch from the golden throne above the clouds where I always
deal -      but was a good deal discoloured. There was no maker's name; but, as
sudden -      Baker Street, but I cannot recollect anything more sudden and
more -      have been a time when he knew more of the poop than the forecastle.
row -      Pinchin Lane was a row of shabby two-storied brick houses in the
more -      and fled from the house which he was never more to enter. It was a
old -      "The same old Watson!" said he. "You never learn that the gravest
lady -      such a love as comes only once in a lifetime. I offered the lady
more -      "Ha, ha, my boy, a very much more important matter than that! What
how -      "I am not clear how you came to hear the news so early this morning."
old -      the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where
more -      play will be more exciting. For you, Mr. Merryweather, the stake will
hardest -      somehow. The hardest job was to learn my way about, for I reckon that
well -      "Well, I guess you'll go far. Say, can you make those dollars yet?"
sudden -      at Lucerne, when a sudden hemorrhage had overtaken her.  It was
point -      "The problem is certainly a very interesting one. The point of the
legacy -      eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles, for I also
well -      "Well, we don't seem to have much material to help us. Do you say
close -      quite close to where he stood hid behind the curtain.
point -      Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. Mark that point.
street -      we had seen him in Baker Street. We caught the one clear glimpse of
stanley -      disappointed in Stanley Hopkins. I had hoped for better things from
city -      over this great city, gently remove the roofs, and peep in at the
moor -      long, low curve of the melancholy moor. I closed the curtain, feeling
well -      about the grounds by the gardener in a bath-chair. He was well liked
hope -      the world. I want to know what I ought to do next. I hope to God
sussex -      delight. "We're well up with the times in Sussex. I've told you now
abbey -                         THE ADVENTURE OF THE ABBEY GRANGE
staining -      subject. That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink
liverpool -      Day, belonging to the Liverpool, Dublin, and London Steam Packet
aldgate -      or two? We will begin our investigation by a visit to Aldgate
send -      consider that to send back the launch or to keep it at a wharf would
cotton -      over with cotton wadding and carbolised bandages. He lay back without
ross -      who rode in Colonel Ross's colors before he became too heavy for the
well -      "Well, knowing as much as we do, it will be singular indeed if we
stanley -      "I've been down to Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes. I saw Inspector Stanley
well -      McMurdo made a wry face. "Well, I'm not forgetting it," he said; "but
turn -      matey,' says he: 'time to turn out guard.' My old man woke up
london -      see if we can do better in London."
how -      "How came you to know of this?" he cried. And then, with some return
well -      "Well, did you see him, Watson?"
send -      "Shall I send you home in my trap?" asked old Cunningham.
old -      "By my old enemies, Watson. By the charming society whose leader lies
how -      "I'd like to know," said McMurdo, "how you ever came to learn that I
green -      undulating downs, long green rollers, with crests of jagged granite
coombe -      necessary to take her there, and could not have returned to Coombe
how -      he knew, how he knew it, and what had been passed on to his
mark -      occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village.
pocket -      Holmes held something half protruding from the pocket of his
well -      use the official police as well. Would you give me an introduction to
banks -      Stile, Mary," and "On the Banks of Allan Water."
hope -      case it is my only firm ground for hope. We must look for
eye -      in that steady gray eye and mocking smile which caused his hand to
wooden -      could see that from the thigh downwards there was but a wooden stump
liverpool -      "You say that she quarrelled with your Liverpool relations."
quarter -      A quarter of an hour later we found ourselves in what I judge, from
loose -      sooner have a savage wild animal loose about the place. I loathe and
hole -      some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead into the hole
way -      became his chronicler.  By the way, Sherlock, I expected to see you
street -      wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street. "If you will be
read -      fashion of my companion, to read the indications which might be
deal -      "Ah, a scent of tobacco would have been worth a great deal to us in
how -      "Dear me! What a very shocking affair! How did he die?"
well -      Well, there's nothing for it now but a direct frontal attack. Are you
link -      link in the chain. We return to London this afternoon, Mr. Bennett. I
lady -      "Now that Gorgiano is dead we fear nothing," said the lady. "He was a
more -      driver there sat a man who could not have been more than thirty years
wish -      "Not at all. I should wish nothing better than to have some more of
how -      gentleman. How quick a woman's instinct is to find it out. I will
eccles -      Scott Eccles, which could only have been done for the purpose of an
well -      "Well, sir, I thought no good could come of it. But now you have been
way -      the guards, makes his way to the dying man's window, and is only
well -      of the strongest shag tobacco? Thank you. It would be as well if you
way -      way in which you brought light into the darkness. I remembered his
hope -      tobacco, I hope?"
well -      "Well, Masser Holmes, I done gone think over what you said, and I
way -      upon the opposite side. When I made my way round there I found him
rooms -      look up at our old rooms--the starting-point of so many of our little
close -      We were residing at the time in furnished lodgings close to a library
well -      She hesitated. Then she threw open the door. "Well, come in!" said
way -      to tell the truth, I have got in the way of late of holding as little
quarter -      three chimes from a neighboring clock. It was quarter to ten."
abbey -      The household of the Abbey Grange were much surprised at our return,
eye -      You know that I have a quick eye for faces, Holmes. It was
grey -      the foot-paths it still lay as white as when it fell. The grey
loose -      it does not always run loose upon the moor. Stapleton would not let
more -      "Then, pray consult," said Holmes, shutting his eyes once more.
kent -      they committed a murder in Kent last night."
lady -      when there's a lady in the case. Even the best of us--"
london -      it waited to waft its owner back to London.
began -      get forties now, but it was nearer the hundred when he began to back
sundial -      "'Put the papers on the sundial,' I read, peeping over his shoulder.
charing -      "Post Office, Charing Cross."
close -      sufferer. It was not until close upon six o'clock that I found myself
more -      Henry. Watson here knows more about my methods than you do, but I
how -      that we have a right to ask you straight how much you do know of the
lock -      "Yes, I had given Miss Harrison instructions to lock the door on the
high -      stamp of Marx and Co., High Holborn, had been left behind.
ford -      the village street it nearly passed over a little Ford coming in the
more -      which we had already seen more than once in fragments.
roundhay -      "Then, Watson, we will postpone our breakfast. Mr. Roundhay, we are
sudden -      A sudden wild-beast light sprang up in the dark, menacing eyes of the
home -      "Is Mr. Trelawney Hope at home?"
how -      that is wonderful made the fellow leave it behind? And how in the
yonder -      yonder. What do you make of those?"
mason -      "I quite understand, Mr. Mason. Of course, the situation is clear
lodge -      lodge, Ted Baldwin among them, resented the rapid rise of the
twenty -      I a foolish girl of twenty when we married. It was in a city of
saffron -      "We have an inspector who makes a specialty of Saffron Hill and the
lead -      this one. That's why I have to keep it on a lead. It would be off to
true -      melancholy, dripping garden. It is true that a shutter had half
point -      my point. Now, I know that there are seventeen steps, because I have
more -      "No, sir, and there is something more that I can't fit in. Why should
city -      and the capture of the criminal, occurred this afternoon in the City.
spring -      spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged. My
way -      "Just let us hear it all in your own way as it occurred."
weeks -      "Some weeks ago Mr. Blessington came down to me in, as it seemed to
moor -      the hound on the moor, so I can swear that it is not all empty
way -      not answer questions which have been put in so offensive a way."
close -      close was certainly not in the house. I must explore the garden and
rope -      stuck as close to me as a rope to a block if that woman had never
london -      in London from a very terrible and instant danger. The measure of
well -      "Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man,
london -      to let us know any fresh London developments at this address, and in
rooms -      obvious possibility that the person now in the rooms may be entirely
milverton -      Everything which is in the market goes to Milverton, and there are
douglas -      Mr. Douglas defended himself with the hammer, he might have left his
reading -      perhaps we may do as much by him if my reading of this problem proves
well -      Secretary of State for--' Well, well, this man is certainly one of
how -      as usual. How much does it cost to go round the world in first-class
stand -      stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates
reach -      permits this morning and reach Winchester by the evening train. When
well -      "Well, in the name of the force I thank you. It seems a clear case,
home -      reached home. My companion's book and pipe lay by his chair, but he
read -      read the passage aloud. "It is a matter of honour with me that I can
bath -      "But the boots and the bath?"
stone -      The old peer stared from the stone to the smiling face before him.
old -      "Yes, we've had a scare in this part lately. Old Acton, who is one of
oath -      "I'll fix the old devil!" said McGinty with an oath. "I've had my eye
paddington -      have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington, and I will
more -      The man sat for a minute or more with a heaving chest, fighting
how -      thought it? And how deceptive appearances may be, to be sure! Such a
glass -      Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he cried.
stanley -      From his pocket Stanley Hopkins drew a small paper packet. He
stapleton -      "That seems the most reasonable theory," said Stapleton, and he gave
more -      his forehead. "I should have more faith," he said; "I ought to know
west -      by two, west by one and by one, and so under.'
how -      it be indiscreet if I were to ask you, Dr. Hill Barton, how you
way -      "By the way, Holmes," I added, "I have no doubt the connection
old -      "I have my old favourite with me. If our Wild West friend tries to
lead -      anything up here which may lead us to him."
lock -      the lock to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc round
scott -      "Voyage of the Gloria Scott," he read.  "That was a bad business. I
twenty -      eagerness, until it comes across the lost scent. For twenty minutes
well -      "Didn't you? Well, you can understand it now. You can take it from me
wish -      White Mason, I wish to give you a very earnest piece of advice. When
moss -      the foot sank pleasantly into it, as into a bed of moss. Two great
how -      still to solve is how to while away these bleak autumnal evenings."
began -      night," cried Phelps, as we began to move from the platform.
lane -      branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night. Mrs.
lead -      give us a lead, since you say Mr. White Mason's theory is
box -      "And so heavy!" she exclaimed, trying to raise it. "The box alone
well -      "Well done!" said Holmes in an encouraging voice. "Really, Gregson,
stapleton -      solitary burglar. I cannot doubt that Stapleton recruited his waning
herefordshire -      Herefordshire. The largest landed proprietor in that part is a Mr.
white -      "That's my idea, too," said White Mason.
more -      the colliery yonder it was just more than I could stand. I'm not made
wish -      would not wish to wrong her, but she loved so vividly in a physical
old -      Holmes seldom laughed, but he got as near it as his old friend Watson
way -      that the rent had been paid in advance. Then I made my way to town
mark -      "No, no, of course not. I suppose there is no doubt that the mark was
success -      every success in your Birmingham journey."
how -      "'This was how it came about. I have said that the man was
well -      that book. Well, well, it's a very strange business, and I hope that
more -      they had found within, and still more so by discovering a newly
sound -      way from its great attachment. Porlock is not quite a sound
how -      telling me the news that came to him by way of business. How would he
how -      way after he knew the animal was on his track. How did he know?"
more -      us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and
home -      years I have been terrified if ever he came home later than was
well -      from a crisp healthy frost. Well, I was chilled to the bone, and my
west -      them. Therefore, we can say for certain that young Cadogan West was
stamford -      confirmed Stamford's opinion upon that point. Neither did he appear
stripes -      steam launch Aurora, black with two red stripes, funnel black with a
well -      frank with you, and if it suits you it will suit me very well. I have
way -      you no doubt travel a little and indulge yourself in every way. I
true -      night. The alibi was complete. It is true that he started home at an
more -      more for Briony Lodge.
london -      explained. A year ago Godfrey Staunton lodged in London for a time,
rhodesia -      that a bright future awaits you in Rhodesia. For once you have fallen
rose -      hands. That done, we rose to our feet breathless and panting.
village -      occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village.
way -      "We must send for help, Holmes! We cannot carry him all the way to
lodge -      lodge in Swandam Lane, where I could every morning emerge as a
street -      of a street lamp we read "Laburnum Villa" upon the gate-post of one
baldwin -      "I have nothing against you," mumbled Baldwin, feeling his throat.
glass -      glass of claret and some biscuits in the intervals of his toilet.
well -      their hands on the men. But their get-away had been well prepared. We
sudden -      "Of sudden death. I'm expecting something this evening."
more -      "Results without causes are much more impressive. You are ready to
well -      a year. I reckon the lodge will learn to be proud of you ... Well,
way -      Garcia went out of his way to tell him that it was one it was really
deal -      sometimes that my employer, Mr. Carruthers, takes a great deal of
scott -                                THE "GLORIA SCOTT"
scott -      "We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events which let up
london -      million upon the London poor."
sussex -      local police station, in charge of Sergeant Wilson of the Sussex
hook -      till by hook or crook it gets them. If a Pinkerton man is deep in
well -      "Well, we have been married now for a year, and very happy we have
west -      West's body, with seven papers in his pocket, on the roof of a
stones -      done with the three missing stones.
law -      citizen--to uphold the law. It seems to me that you have much to
shore -      shore. When you said a tall dark man it was not difficult for me to
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, that was the state of affairs when I first saw you
twenty -      be there in twenty minutes."
way -      not the way of criminals."
liverpool -      during her residence in Liverpool she had some hand in bringing about
lodge -      the lodge itself.
letters -      large letters:
how -      chemist's shop while I turned up the fateful paragraph. This was how
grey -      "It's awful, Mr. Holmes, simply awful! I wonder my hair isn't grey.
park -      Again, Park Lane is a frequented thoroughfare, and there is a
well -      comrades. And well they strove to keep their vow!
how -      He was still sitting with his elbows upon his knees, considering how
how -      have myself been served by Major Sholto, and how innocent I am of the
point -      "'Well, you certainly touched upon rather a tender point. Might I ask
well -      "I think it's well worth troubling about."
rooms -      myself back once more in the old rooms in Baker Street.
high -      High Gable--so our gaps are beginning to close.
torquay -      "At last, one evening I was driving up and down Torquay Terrace, as
wall -      On reaching the boundary wall Toby ran along, whining eagerly,
point -      state of suppressed exultation at having scored a point against his
field -      to his crimes. My nerves, which were steady enough on the field of
wall -      crouching, her head leaning against the wall. She was horribly
more -      chairs, with all our weary senses keenly on the alert once more. We
more -      to the sender, and the matter is the more mysterious as Miss Cushing,
tiptoe -      alarm. He walked on tiptoe under the shadow of the wall, and when he
success -      o'clock. Our success and even his life may depend upon his coming out
well -      Well, he must have been disturbed in his mind to leave a pipe behind
more -      "And one more this morning. It is a fair argument that wherever No. 3
hound -      emergency he could keep the hound in the out-house at Merripit, but
dull -      cleared up. It was a dull evening. We dined quietly, the three of us,
county -      settled in the county without introductions were few and far between.
more -      become more and more manifest to the half-dozen people in the world
lady -      "Still, if the lady is not too exhausted--"
way -      every possible way."
law -      which would convict in a court of law.  You know my powers, my dear
success -      advertised, and I answered advertisements, but without success. At
more -      has scored once more. Is there a telegram for me?"
lead -      lead from his pocket, and switching it backward and forward several
how -      "Yes, yes, I see that. But how about the disappearance of the
how -      slabs of metal, told me how narrow had been my escape.
letters -      was seen swinging in the trough of a wave, with the letters "L. S."
village -      her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts
wood -      moment there arrived Dr. Wood, a brisk and capable general
more -      pleased to look into it. Some more facts, please."
western -      had established itself in western Sussex, where the Manor House of
lady -      countryside, where all gossip is welcome, this weakness of the lady
more -      "Need I tell you more, Jimmie? It seems that in view of the
stand -      after all, and I have no right to stand in the way of it. I'd only
college -      the Theological College of St. George's, was much addicted to opium.
woodhouse -      "'Lately engaged at Coxon & Woodhouse's?'
east -      sort which are imported by the Dutch from their East Indian colonies.
regency -      Regency. Nothing was left save a few acres of ground, and the
westminster -      Westminster electricians. Williamson and Woodley were both tried for
well -      "Well, what are we to do now?" asked MacDonald with some gruffness.
quarter -      quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just
press -      in the public press:  that in the Journal de GenÃ¨ve on May 6th, 1891,
close -      was as close as wax. Yes, she had let Mr. McFarlane in at half-past
well -      think we had best clear the matter up at once, and it would be well
brunton -      case the matter was simplified by Brunton's intelligence being quite
way -      has put in our way a most singular and whimsical problem, and its
hayes -      "All right, Mr. Hayes--no harm meant," said Holmes. "We have been
well -      but I heard from the nurse, and I knew that all was well with her. At
coat -      McMurdo bore the inspection cheerfully, one hand in his coat pocket,
grey -      a man standing in the Southampton Road, a small bearded man in a grey
coast -      part of the Indian coast you will have done your part of the
way -      shut up a right of way and defy the parish to make him open it. At
old -      It was hardly an appeal to be successful with one who was an old
more -      more probable, the very volume to which these figures refer."
letters -      into a correspondence with Oberstein, who answered your letters
portsmouth -      whirling up in a Portsmouth train. Holmes was sunk in profound
stapleton -      brother and sister, for Stapleton was neutral tinted, with light hair
coat -      moment later he'd got his gun from under his coat. I heard him cock
reading -      was smoking a pipe and reading a paper."
openshaw -      "My name," said he, "is John Openshaw, but my own affairs have, as
how -      to the inspector. "Did you notice how the 'he' suddenly changed to
blackness -      blackness of the moor. For some minutes he stood watching intently.
read -      advertisement. Holmes and I leaned forward and read it over his
london -      the heels. So long as he was free in London my life would really not
edge -      and the wind seemed to blow through us, we walked along the edge of
college -      janitor and sweeper out of the laboratory at York College. One day
well -      watched his son all I could for the sake of the old days. Well, sir,
way -      make her way into such a place and pluck her husband out from among
lady -      reference to the lady's own wishes, and that the lady should accept
hill -      ran down the hill therefore and met the baronet at the bottom. His
west -      there was no gleam of hope. North, and east, and west he looked with
richmond -      Derby, East Ham, Richmond, and fourteen other places. In three of
home -      he was on Hampstead Heath; so he took a bus home, and there he lies
sound -      endeavoured to sound him upon the point, but he always glided away to
boscombe -      lodge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods
box -      him in that box; about which the landlady seemed to be in
west -      solve. Why did Cadogan West take the papers, where are the missing
south -      "It is in Sussex, south of Horsham."
more -      is a very beautiful woman. Now, I make no pretence to be more moral
home -      would forever cover it, but you must needs carry it carefully home
loose -      understand, and I am looking for a loose end. One possible loose end
point -      fairly clear. The most serious point in the case is the disposition
send -      "Would you kindly send one of your constables for two buckets of
tone -      "'Why, dear me, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of
college -      "'Ask for Pompey from Jeremy Dixon, Trinity College.'
way -      "What a queer, scrambling way of expressing his meaning!" said I.
paris -      Paris police, and Fritz von Waldbaum, the well-known specialist of
more -      all power within the firm, which employs more than three hundred men.
ashes -      off some ashes which adhered to its upper surface, putting some of
glass -      "That is well! That is well!" said he. "May I offer you a glass of
church -      the church but not where the lady lived."
field -      house. There is just a field between us, but to reach it you have to
waterloo -      "Very good.  I want to start by the 11.10 from Waterloo."
lady -      "That settles this exit. Then no doubt the lady went out the way she
victoria -      trusty messenger unaddressed to Victoria to-night.  In the morning
old -      grudging acquiescence from the old man gave me a clear day in which
lawn -      round to the lawn upon which the long French windows open.  One side
old -      it had been carved out of old ivory, and his eyes, which had glanced
coat -      McMurdo's coat had been brought to him; but before putting it on he
law -      in the law courts? I expect the big companies will find it easier to
county -      episode. "The county police are utterly at fault," said he, "but
how -      that it was with a sense of exultation that I realized how completely
stand -      to stand upon ceremony. His life depended upon my promptness. Before
street -      from the street.
way -      knelt beside him for some minutes, and then made my way to Mr.
yonder -      expanse of the moor. "There is another morass down yonder and a
reach -      reach of the river, with Barking Level upon one side and the
glass -      smirking at his own reflection in the glass. "We will leave it all to
mark -      upon the blood mark on the sill. It exactly corresponded. He smiled
true -      culminated in unexpected tragedy. It is true that the circumstances
quarter -      so it was certainly not before that time. At a quarter to eleven they
well -      shutters if they were bolted. Well, we shall see if the inside throws
lady -      "That is John Hebron, of Atlanta," said the lady, "and a nobler man
read -      "Because there are many ciphers which I would read as easily as I do
street -      past, we shall meet once more in those rooms on Baker Street, where
well -      reason. Well, Watson, we can but possess our souls in patience and
sheet -      a long, deep, reed-girt sheet of water. Thor Mere it is called. In
river -      when the stripped body had been sucked away into the river."
central -      he is the central exchange, the clearinghouse, which makes out the
west -      "I am for west," remarked the plain-clothes man. "There are several
well -      "'Well, really, it seems rather useless, since you refuse the most
more -      And the more I thought of what had happened, the wilder and darker it
old -      problem. With a wave of his hand he indicated my old armchair, but
way -      and made his way out of the station.
gordon -      letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I
old -      except Mrs. Porter, the old cook and housekeeper, who declared that
row -      he bought a small place called Woodman's Lee, near Forest Row, in
way -      and grotesque to add to your collection.  By the way, it is not eight
well -      "Oh, you must not discourage me, Mr. Holmes. I know that all is well
how -      "I thought of the fifty guineas, and of how very useful they would be
how -      How he went out to it, and his astonishment at recognizing, from the
well -      "Well, I should put the original cost of the pipe at seven and
more -      wrestling, which has more than once been very useful to me. I slipped
california -      "And then you were together five years in California, so that this
city -      amid the millions of this great city it is difficult to discover who
wooden -      man, whose round impressions on one side showed that he had a wooden
how -      "I cannot see how such a message as this could inspire horror. It
true -      "You are very kind, Mr. Holmes, but I cannot do that. I shall be true
well -      "Well, some call them that, and some call them ichneumon," said the
well -      "I did not know you quite so well in those days. One has to be
way -      or seven leaps as if it would force its way through the chest.
how -      you. It matters nothing to me that you should know how my nephew
cunningham -      "Wait here an instant," said young Alec Cunningham. "The fellow is
baldwin -      patches of blood. Baldwin was still stooping over his victim, putting
petty -      consuming me. It is too much to be balked by so petty an obstacle,
border -      half-timbered cottages on the northern border of the county of
lady -      morning-room. Poor lady, she has had a most dreadful experience. She
more -      which was characteristic of his more imp-like moods.
began -      from his gossip, but now I began to wish to hear more of it. I had
vicarage -      vicarage, and I at once hurried over with him to consult you."
street -      Street, Croydon.' Done with a broad-pointed pen, probably a J, and
town -      remarked, as we travelled back to town. "It hinged from the outset
whitney -      mine here, Mr. Isa Whitney, and I wish to speak with him."
how -      remain behind, how I had followed him, and how I had witnessed all
dull -      dull. I rubbed one of them on my sleeve, however, and it glowed
way -      shook hands, and I saw at once from the reverential way in which
sheet -      "I have jotted down the more essential ones upon this sheet of paper,
box -      sugar-tongs there. Kindly raise that small ivory box with its
douglas -      "It's poor Douglas. They tell me his name is Edwards; but he will
village -      fear I was already running down the village street, and making for
way -      other way would have been exceedingly complicated. The escape must
horner -      been called away. On returning, he found that Horner had disappeared,
walls -      black walls, and far away down at the end of the shaft the gleam of
deal -      out in the police investigation; but a good deal was suppressed upon
water -      of the surface of the water.
mortimer -      a few questions, Mr. Mortimer Tregennis."
rooms -      rooms. You will find us there, on our way to the station."
sale -      shop of Morse Hudson, who has a place for the sale of pictures and
york -      "Yes, Mr. Holmes. The Randall gang were arrested in New York this
close -      marriage. You were thrown very close together, were you not?"
how -      How's that? Finally there is the motive. Senator Gibson is an
more -      "I have little more to say, and it's as well, for I am about done up.
point -      of a ship. And now let us consider another point. In the case of
scott -      connected with the loss of the Gloria Scott, may serve as examples of
lodge -      Bodymaster yet; for you've surely saved the lodge."
well -      of the others as well. In that case we should have to commence our
well -      another slip--well, it will be the last. But this time my commission
stone -      "There were no signs, Mr. Holmes. But it is a stone ledge, and one
crew -      mother's son of us, and if we can't carry this ship, with the crew at
steps -      suspicious neighbour, 'Look at the steps I have taken. I have
deal -      me that you knows a deal more than you should."
reach -      concerned is beyond the reach of human law, and with due suppression
moor -      middle of the moor, with no sign of life near it--just the one
aberdeen -      a good Aberdeen upbringing. He'd have made a grand meenister with his
rattle -      sharp tap, followed by a clatter and rattle. The man was so intent
forest -      "You remember that a stonemason, named Slater, walking from Forest
more -      and their more piquant details have drawn the gossips away from this
bengal -      there were the 3d Bengal Fusiliers, some Sikhs, two troops of horse,
musgrave -      "Reginald Musgrave sat down opposite to me, and lit the cigarette
rooms -      however, promised to take tea in a friend's rooms, so I left the
wallington -      to Wallington to visit Miss Sarah.
more -      Nothing for a week after that. Then comes something much more
water -      "Fear not for water," cried a third. "He who could draw it from the
oakshott -      "Well, then, ask Mrs. Oakshott for it."
south -      conducted in a laboratory at Montpelier, in the South of France.
more -      odious man, Mr. Woodley. He was always hideous, but he looks more
pool -      carriage, and we set off for Hatherley Farm and the Boscombe Pool.
pocket -      drawing a pistol from his side pocket. "Pull up, I say, or, by
quick -      breath came quick and fast, and every inch of the lithe figure was
station -      station. We secured a ramshackle trap, and in a quarter of an hour
gale -      gale--and now to have been reabsorbed by them once more.
stamford -      "You seem to be a walking calendar of crime," said Stamford with a
law -      accredited representatives of the law."
worth -      Watson, that it would be worth your while to glance over. These are
point -      point close to the station, where the line emerges from the tunnel in
brougham -      brougham waiting at the curb.
bohemia -      in a German-speaking country--in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad.
true -      "Tell us, then, of your true relations with Mr. Gibson's wife."
well -      "Well, I thought as you do," said Lestrade. "On the other hand, this
harwich -      lights of Harwich, I suppose," said the secretary, pulling on his
devonshire -      advisability of your going down to Devonshire without delay. There is
stone -      opened, and led down a flight of winding stone steps, which
norwood -      to gossip, and possibly be associated with this Norwood tragedy. He
park -      beckoned to me and then began walking into the Park. I slipped out,
green -      and the damp was breaking through in green, unhealthy blotches. I
way -      it stands, we have surely gone a long way. We know that an American
appledore -                                   Appledore Towers,
send -      shall have to send in my papers. I am a ruined man.'
lady -      some small job in my lady's room--you and your confederate
way -      useless. We walked, and our way took us close to the office. Suddenly
white -      roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. Apply Dr.
way -      Now cast your mind back, Holmes. Can you think of no other way you
lawn -      standing back in its own grounds, with a laurel-clumped lawn in front
more -      little more closely."
way -      come my own way I am so confused and bothered that I can't put two
paddington -      Shortly after my marriage I had bought a connection in the Paddington
lock -      came the slam of the door and the turning of the key in the lock.
halfway -      halfway to their lips. Three loud knocks had sounded at the door.
moor -      across the open moor.
start -      Mr. Windibank gave a violent start and dropped his gloves. "I am
scale -      "A large scale map, I presume?"
well -      make the man out. He seems to be riding for a fall. Well, as he says,
lock -      lock. I implored the colonel to let me out, but the remorseless
point -      neighbor, because the latter has missed the one little point which is
way -      my mind. Intense mental concentration has a curious way of blotting
greatness -      greatness lies in his perception of his own smallness. It argues, you
more -      "I don't think there is anything more for me to do now that the case
law -      Sebastian Moran, as aloof and guarded and inaccessible to the law as
stand -      comrades? If you could see how things stand with me you could never
well -      "Very good, very good," said Holmes, smiling. "The cabman may as well
lodge -      up to Briony Lodge, and a gentleman sprang out. He was a remarkably
true -      only these politicians, who knows the true facts. I beg you, then,
catch -      in which my friend had forced back the catch.  "Well, I think that
lady -      gestures showed that the lady was included in his displeasure. The
more -      agents and assistants. I had often suffered under it, but never more
pocket -      revolver was never out of his pocket. But, by bad luck, he was in his
weeks -      column of the Morning Post, and dates, as you see, some weeks back:
how -      "'How long ago was it?'
more -      these excursions, the affair appears more important, and I shall not
wooden -      mean, wooden houses, the windows of which were beginning to outline
worth -      "I will wait for something that is worth while."
flash -      window. I could see little of him, for he was gone like a flash. He
well -      "Ah! I don't know him. Well, here's your good health landlord, and
spring -      It was, then, in the spring of the year 1897 that Holmes's iron
way -      was building up in my mind. In a few minutes I was on my way to The
paris -      and then these two profiles of plaster of Paris were joined together
well -      "Thank you, we are both very well," said I, shaking him warmly by the
central -      central table. This small pellet is, I presume, the black, doughy
white -      "Suddenly, as she spoke, I saw her white face grow whiter yet in the
well -      "Well, if you can lay your hand upon a Garrideb, there's money in
wish -      "And why did you wish to see me?" He looked across at my companion
sheet -      deciphered it, upon a sheet of foolscap on my knee.
birmingham -      Birmingham."
lodge -      heads of the Baskervilles. The lodge was a ruin of black granite and
way -      and, under my companion's guidance, we made our way at once to Hudson
lady -      now, not from the lady but from the coffin and argue backward. That
stair -      him upon the stair, so we shall have something more interesting than
worth -      worth it."
conquest -      "'It was there at the Norman Conquest in all probability,' he
more -      yelled to them to stop. We were not more than four boat's lengths
rooms -      past, we shall meet once more in those rooms on Baker Street, where
send -      suggest and bring back to my memory. I could not send him away. But I
laid -      he should broach the matter to his daughter when a soft hand was laid
high -      low. Let us see in the future how high you can rise."
mark -      mark my words, when this case comes to be cleared up you will find
seal -      one point he was inflexible. He had to seal his mouth on the subject,
touch -      see me touch your money. Afterwards, if you like."
woolwich -      the Woolwich train.  "We certainly owe Brother Mycroft a debt for
old -      bustling, rubicund inspector, who greeted Holmes as an old friend.
old -      to the defending counsel. Old Turner lived for seven months after our
eye -      is no human eye which could have seen the deed. What would he do
gang -      this gang."
rose -      lashed his ankles with cord and rose breathless from the struggle.
more -      career. Modern criticism has more than indorsed the high opinion
way -      "That's so," said Baskerville. "By the way, Dr. Mortimer, who is this
more -      excuse me if I light my pipe. If your man is more dangerous than the
sheet -      sheet of paper. "You at least have the entree, Watson. Will you have
true -      "Yes, sir, it is true that he threw the decanter at me. I heard him
quarter -      man had a squeeze to fit his 'quarter' in between the 'at' and the
hope -      that she had sat up in the hope of her return. She opened the door
way -      secretly work our own little deposit and that in this way we should
heads -      Hugo Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon the heads
tone -      "Ah! it's all right. He's off again," said my companion, in a tone of
how -      alone. A confederate--and even that one glance had told me how
nowhere -      year's end he takes no other exercise, and is seen nowhere else,
hound -      the sound which resembled the distant baying of a hound. It is
cotton -      I bathed his face in oil, put cotton wadding on the raw surfaces, and
south -      "I drove to the place--about two miles on the south side of Esher.
well -      It was as well for him that I did so, for he took little care for his
high -      He laughed very heartily, with a high, ringing note, leaning back in
way -      difficulties in the way," said he. "I have every hope, however, that
close -      McMurdo took out an envelope and held it close to the murky oil lamp.
how -      in. How it had got loose was a mystery. It was conjectured that the
church -      Chesterfield high road. There is a church there, you see, a few
how -      would fit into any box. How could he swear there was no such gun in
derby -      Derby. He's up to the neck, and it's his last chance. Everything he
wing -      "Ah! that is suggestive. Now, on the other side of this narrow wing
baldwin -      "Never!" cried Baldwin in a fury.
how -      hands out into the air like a man who is in a boiling passion. 'How
field -      at the same time narrowed the field of our inquiry immensely.
lawn -      lawn, stretched down in front to two large iron gates which closed
glass -      drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets
dundee -      fulfilment, in Dundee it was only some three or four days. Does that
yonder -      he still lurking out yonder?"
mark -      leprous mark upon her.
london -      The second most dangerous man in London.
cabin -      him. Meanwhile, let me see the inside of the cabin."
scales -      power. Great Britain holds the scales. If Britain were driven into
street -      George Street. On my enquiry as to whether a Mr. Stangerson was
well -      only bring you down all would be well. Of course I might have fled
knock -      "There's a constable in possession," said Baynes. "I'll knock at the
more -      problem which may prove to be more difficult of solution than my
well -      My previous letters and telegrams have kept you pretty well up to
york -      cheerful. I remembered a German being found in New York with RACHE
beer -      had been drinking his beer in the tap-room and had heard the whole
law -      whether we have anything to fear from the law, or whether any judge
tavistock -      built by a Tavistock contractor for the use of invalids and others
read -      "I gave it to him, and her read it over very carefully.
more -      "Did he say anything more?"
home -      catch even that passing glimpse of a tranquil English home in the
way -      humoured him too much when he was a lad, and gave him his own way in
lodge -      "They both claim the head money given by the lodge for the shooting
rock -      rock, and narrowing into a creaming, boiling pit of incalculable
true -      true; and that even if something quite unforeseen occurred to
link -      "I happen to know who is the first link in his chain--a chain with
how -      doctor and simulated a natural end--poisoning, perhaps. And yet how
true -      "True for you, Mr. McMurdo. Why did you leave Chicago?"
old -      A square balustraded gallery ran round the top of the old hall,
martin -      Martin, that we have now exhausted all that this room can teach us.
lover -      possess so much influence over her? It might be a lover; it might be
more -      more. He can give no explanation of the young man's last words, 'The
more -      then all was silent once more, though the smell grew stronger. For
london -      "These villains have coaxed this unhappy lady to London, after first
how -      did not know how to counter it. He turned to his more astute comrade
heads -      That's how he heads it.
well -      "Well, that's likely enough."
walls -      should have cast its shadow upon the venerable walls! And yet those
haven -      Why haven't you seen Boss McGinty yet?"
lane -      a long winding lane and finally reached the isolated and ancient
more -      the matter more closely.
west -      To this day, in the lonely ranches of the West, the name of the
lady -      lady's story certainly seems to be corroborated, if it needed
laid -      with an ounce of shag tobacco and a box of matches laid out in front
how -      better go in at once, for I know how impatient he is."
central -      Central America. At the end of that time there was a universal rising
merton -      Merton scratched his short-cropped pate.
stanley -      "I've got my facts pretty clear," said Stanley Hopkins. "All I want
true -      figure I had pictured. It is true that her face was pale and drawn,
chatham -      "Well, it's only a reasonable walk to Chatham. Anyone might stay
how -      "You do me too much honour," said Holmes, gravely. "Let us hear how
more -      "I have no doubt that I could tell you a great deal more, Mr. Barker;
norfolk -      returned to Norfolk a wedded couple. You'll think it very mad, Mr.
real -      done a real good night's work. And that's the truth and the whole
glass -      He poured some whisky into a glass and handed it to him. "That's the
quarter -      the door of the Foreign Office in Charles Street at quarter to ten in
abergavenny -      Abergavenny murder is coming up for trial. Only a very important
hamlet -      this part of Cornwall. The nearest of these was the hamlet of
true -      specially sent to raise it to its true and lofty level. I am not
point -      than a human life. That is one point. Then there is the singular fact
how -      horse was fresh and glossy when you got in. How could it be that if
devonshire -      London without coming down to Devonshire at all. He distrusted his
stair -      rushed in and up the stair which faced them. McMurdo and another
how -      sex, but he was always a chivalrous opponent. Knowing how genuine was
stair -      We passed up the stair, unlocked the door, followed on down a
hope -      eleven-thirty at night, since I understand that Mr. Hope and his wife
london -      late, for they had journeyed on to London, where he at last succeeded
reading -      adventures formed the reading of their boyhood do not meet the
well -      "Well, they don't seem to have got much. Mrs. Maberley was
old -      There are one maid, an old manservant, the sister, and the brother,
court -      whole situation not brought out in court?"
lock -      here safe under lock and key. The cab still waits, and there are two
stream -      work early to-morrow morning diverting the stream--"
law -      living under the shield of British law, and I have no doubt,
victoria -      known dad in the old days in Victoria."
old -      himself, for by the time that the old man had descended several
charles -      so pressing that Sir Charles should destroy this letter which he
stair -      I always hear him unlock it as I go down the stair after I leave the
street -      We had reached Baker Street and had stopped at the door. He was
how -      "My dear chap, I am overjoyed to see you. Sit down and tell me how
douglas -      Douglas."
flint -      flint within me. When he saw my white face he gave a little chirrup
wall -      efficient ally. Could you scale that wall, doctor?"
warren -      door opposite. We had hardly settled down in it, and Mrs. Warren left
horner -      pretty villain in you. You knew that this man Horner, the plumber,
more -      "But you haven't helped me. You have made the affair far more
old -      the owner to prosecute him for trespass. He is learned in old
close -      You are aware, perhaps, that a close intimacy exists between this
how -      you, and how all-important it was to set it right. He rushed down,
twenty -      cab at the door, and it won't take us twenty minutes to Victoria. But
reading -      reading it off, and eventually of breaking into it, as a proof that I
hill -      a hill stood a long, low stone house, approached by a curving drive
portsmouth -      "From Portsmouth at midday," said the secretary, examining the
old -      down is the moor-gate, where the old gentleman left his cigar-ash. It
lawn -      climbed the low wall, two on the lawn, and two very faint ones upon
more -      us, however, to a deeper and far more tragic mystery. The Indian
more -      off a message, and then, at last, we made for Baker Street once more.
street -      house of gloom and terror. Within an hour I was at Baker Street.
old -      These papers," he continued as the old lady vanished, "are not of
how -      "How can you possibly tell?"
reach -      you will step, and you will reach Victoria in time for the
way -      been an intellectual treat to me to see the way in which you have
hope -      the Right Honourable Trelawney Hope, Secretary for European Affairs,
west -      life-preserver. He always carried it with him. As West forced his way
well -      "Well, it is very handsome of you, Mr. Holmes. I brought the bust up
ross -      of either Mr. William Morris or Mr. Duncan Ross."
london -      by Barraud, of London. Gold Albert chain, very heavy and solid. Gold
true -      bird's left leg, and it is also true that the initials 'H. B.' are
way -      Good-bye, Lestrade. If any little problem comes your way I shall be
valley -      die the easier when I think of the work I have done in this valley.
london -      sensation in London. Her movements upon the Monday night have not yet
valley -      "That's good enough. I'm Brother Scanlan, Lodge 341, Vermissa Valley.
cross -      without realizing that no young man would cross her path unscathed.
liverpool -      them on to the platform. I heard them ask for the Liverpool train,
began -      art of the detective began and ended in reasoning from an arm-chair,
well -      "Well," said he, "let us go round. Not one of your cases,
paddington -      papers which he had procured at Paddington. We had left Reading far
thames -      the Thames. His residence and principal consulting-room is at
more -      There is more behind. Now I'll go. No, no, don't detain me! He is
london -      huge criminal underworld of London and obtaining information which
lock -      at the other door. He turned the key in the lock. At the same instant
london -      "The supply of game for London is going steadily up," it ran.
reach -      the ground but even the bark of the tree as far as he could reach. A
station -      "Yes, I sent wires from Woking station to every evening paper in
mark -      the mark would not remain clear upon the finger. All this is amusing,
touch -      there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. He hastened
close -      "We must close in on him rapidly, for he is said to be a desperate
bank -      Merryweather is a bank director, and personally interested in the
way -      was a false alarm. Slipping through the shouting crowd I made my way
how -      me to be deeper and more inexplicable. How, for example, could you
turn -      leaving a lagoon at the turn of the tide. On the morning of which I
orchard -      the door of an out-house in the corner of the orchard. A key turned
wood -      death. Even at a distance the effect upon Wood was almost fatal.
steel -      "There's not a weak man in the lodge," cried McGinty. "True as steel,
london -      the leading international agent, who had just left London, lived in a
old -      dead now--old Dr. Lysander Starr, who was mayor in 1890."
rose -      Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voice which rose high above
laid -      furiously angry, and, uttering wild-beast cries, he had laid his
laid -      clear enough that the hound has been laid on from some article of Sir
more -      "You astonish me, Mr. Holmes. What more could one ask for?"
point -      "From the point of view of the criminal expert," said Mr. Sherlock
way -      find his way to McGinty's saloon, there to make closer acquaintance
lady -      The lady coloured deeply and covered over her injured wrist. "He is a
retire -      supper and then retire, for we may have a very busy day to-morrow."
british -      "I don't know much of British life yet, for I have spent nearly all
lady -      "In search of the body of Lady St. Simon."
well -      Sussex--well, all this can be discussed with you in the morning. Will
read -      "Have you read the book?"
well -      "Well, he was painting the passage. But he had already painted the
way -      nose. He had a brisk kind of way with him and spoke sharply, like a
real -      not a false scent and that he has some real need for our assistance."
stair -      He relit the stair gas as he spoke, and we saw before us a
pocket -      definitely engaged and had a hundred pounds in my pocket; on the
white -      Morris drank, and his white face took a tinge of colour. "I can tell
well -      "Oh yes, you have," said he, handing me one. "This will do very well.
town -      from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the
began -      opposite parapet, whipped his lens from his pocket, and began to
cross -      it and cross the river.
scotland -      with us to Scotland Yard to be searched.'
box -      been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which
how -      lost. I have a mule and two horses waiting in the Eagle Ravine. How
link -      comparatively small one, and that it formed a link between two very
lady -      that the lady could describe them, and that we could not fail to
church -      of the great church clock seemed to sound the dirge of our hopes.
old -      I could see that the old, foot-worn gray stones with which it was
lady -      lady. So interested was he that I had to repeat some of it twice
true -      "'That is true. But what could he have to do with this old family
amberley -      that night. Therefore, Amberley had not been to the theatre, and his
strand -      will jump, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther
chapel -      went down to chapel.
clatter -      And no more words were needed. There was a rush, a clatter upon the
read -      note-paper. It read in this fashion:
sound -      shaken by that sound upon the moor. I will say nothing to add to his
helm -      our helm hard down that we avoided a collision, and before we could
press -      our operations we erected a hydraulic press. This press, as I have
park -      park which is studded with magnificent trees. There was a main
stand -      "Found a screw-driver and some screws on the wash-hand stand. Seems
london -      London. The advertisement was to be answered by letter only. I sent
brunton -      I had thrown a light upon the fate of Brunton, but now I had to
more -      drawing-room and dining-room would have had more attractions for
how -      shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from
high -      it to be known that he is prepared to pay very high sums for letters
reddish -      reddish yellow band, between the brown of the heath and the budding
field -      He sprang through a gate into a field, dragging the reluctant Pompey
more -      appreciative and desirous of more, so that from that date,
how -      "Come, sir," said he. "There is more in this than meets the eye. How
common -      not a common name in England, while Antonio is so in all Spanish or
more -      or more, when suddenly there came a noise like people struggling
old -      hold of a rat-gutted, beetle-ridden, mouldy old coffin of a Chin
south -      information from South Africa, and many a charming evening we have
croydon -      with very inferior ink. The word 'Croydon' has been originally
breach -      secondary things in an attempt to atone for her flagrant breach of it
white -      it was many a long year before ever I saw a white face again.  I was
old -      on a small pedestal table with an old dressing-gown of Holmes's so
well -      "I think that you know me well enough, Watson, to understand that I
moor -      We found, however, as we advanced that this portion of the moor is
way -      "He found a way out of his difficulties through the chance that Sir
old -      had claimed the old acquaintance with him at Chicago--actually
eccles -      "I am sure of it, Mr. Scott Eccles--I am sure of it," said Inspector
trevor -      of port after dinner, when young Trevor began to talk about those
more -      saw him once more at London Bridge, and then I lost him in the crowd.
more -      "There is surely something more than that," said he; "some underlying
mortimer -      "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon.
trough -      upon the floor where I had placed it when examining the trough. By
scotland -      go with us in a quiet, sensible fashion to Scotland Yard, whence you
woolwich -      Woolwich Station. There he called a cab and drew Mycroft's paper from
holborn -      down into Holborn. Holmes pushed open the door of the private bar and
norwood -      head-lines are: 'Mysterious Affair at Lower Norwood. Disappearance of
eye -      hesitating manner--a man whom my own professional eye would judge to
old -      shall know, come what may. You wouldn't believe harm of your poor old
river -      the river. I drew blank at fifteen, but at the
street -      Sherlock Holmes and I walked together to the High Street, where he
way -      way. I speak not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of
well -      that has to do with it. Well, if you really want to know, I got them
steps -      "I think that I heard a ring," said Holmes. "Yes, there are steps on
point -      and I volunteered to supply them. There was the point from which all
laid -      stopped also. Then I laid a trap for him. There is a sharp turning of
stand -      with full details. It's like my luck! You remember when the stand
douglas -      astonishment. "Just this," said he, "that Mr. Douglas of Birlstone
america -      disappearance of Openshaw from America with their papers. It may well
lady -      Kneller, I'll swear, that lady in the blue silk over yonder, and the
way -      to have, be the holder of them who it may. In this way you see K. K.
well -      official-looking individuals, one of whom was well known to us as
college -      the card of Mr. Cyril Overton, of Trinity College, Cambridge,
stapleton -      her husband. In that case, regarding Stapleton as an unmarried man,
street -      of that interrupted message. At the doorway of the Howe Street flats
hope -      resolute expression of Jefferson Hope.
way -      our troubles were in some way dependent upon an incident in my
old -      "What has she been saying to you?" screamed the old man furiously.
how -      "They must be cunning devils," he exclaimed at last. "How could they
pocket -      to him. At intervals he drew from his pocket a bulky letter to which
lane -      "Why not? It is as if you met a tram-car coming down a country lane.
western -      night before. The western window through which he had stared so
more -      inquiry into a wrong channel. I'm not going to tell you much more of
raw -      grin. "Well, maybe a wee nip would keep out the raw morning chill.
start -      precious time? Couldn't we start out and scour the country before the
baldwin -      was, staring down at all that was left of Ted Baldwin. I'd recognized
north -      "'North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and
more -      recall any more singular and interesting study."
lodge -      to gain the good will of the lodge before, it could no longer have
sea -      her--and a smart, clean lad, too, as long as he's at sea, and no
high -      "The glass still keeps very high," he remarked as he sat down. "It is
south -      Barnicot, who has one of the largest practices upon the south side of
oxford -      The Capital and Counties Bank, Oxford Street branch, are my agents."
banks -      to the far horizon. So steep were the rocky banks on either side of
water -      deep down in that dreadful cauldron of swirling water and seething
how -      "How high was it?"
send -      I advised him to send for his immediate superior, and for a doctor;
steep -      road and wound away across the moor. A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill
mayfield -      "Sally lives in lodgings at 3, Mayfield Place, Peckham."
egypt -      "Egypt," "Portsmouth forts," "The Channel," "Rosythe," and a score of
home -      here at home.
how -      "How often?"
ball -      France he was very annoyed at your having gone to the ball."
well -      What month did we meet him? Well, I tell you it was just after we
true -      quite realized its true significance. It left him, however, vaguely
hammer -      MacDonald. "There has been many a hammer murder and no trace on the
county -      "The county police ought to make something of that," said he; "why,
clanking -      clanking of the printing press.
lady -      "These villains have coaxed this unhappy lady to London, after first
white -      fellow was white and quivering from the shock. The village sergeant,
underwood -      "Yes," said Holmes; "by John Underwood and Sons, 129, Camberwell
chalk -      last night. 2. You put chalk there when you play billiards to steady
read -      to have read that a sawed-off shotgun is a weapon used in some parts
way -      large room furnished as a museum. He led the way to a glass case in a
more -      once more. He had resumed his seat, the cigar still projecting at an
market -      named. There are a dozen specimens in the market at the present
well -      "Well, if you know, what do you want to ask for?"
more -      she took it very seriously, and begged me if any more came to let her
woking -      you would come down with me to Woking to-morrow, by the same train
old -      that suggest anything to you? Suppose that some enemy of his old life
lady -      fingers. It had lasted some minutes before the young lady broke in
park -      park."
way -      upon it in such a way that a trained observer might read it. Now, I
send -      view. When you pass Bradley's, would you ask him to send up a pound
letters -      thing for him to receive letters, for his bills were all paid in
knock -      wish to have murder on our souls. It was one thing to knock the
more -      moving creatures. In more fertile spots the observer would have come
old -      those lines of old Goethe,--
south -      north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his
lane -      country lane. While we made our way along it we heard the rattle of a
way -      way to Wimbledon, travelling by road, and they were simply camping
way -      farther window. In this way we should be able to watch our man if he
home -      June of '95 only one of their line had reached a home port. It was
brixton -      The papers next day were full of the "Brixton Mystery," as they
london -      London. We have never shaken him off. If I could lay my hands upon
stand -      you I will stand no resistance when I am on duty!"
london -      when I see one. This crime is from London, not from America."
west -      superstition. I had something to do with dogs when I was out West,
bridge -      which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge.
more -      not a carriage in which I found myself.  It was certainly more roomy
wish -      "Just as you wish, Mr. Holmes, so long as we get our man."
close -      at very close quarters. There was only the one pistol found in the
well -      Mr. Fowler at a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice
close -      "Sure no one can spy upon us now. It's close upon the hour."
grove -      windows made a feeble attempt to justify its name. Behind was a grove
read -      you have read all this from his old watch! It is unkind, and, to
charles -      hands upon that lady we should know more about Sir Charles's death."
victory -      Within the gates Lestrade met us, his face flushed with victory, his
eye -      surprising experience. Then Sherlock Holmes cocked his eye at me,
acton -      original burglary at Mr. Acton's. I understood, from something which
more -      human countenance is capable of assuming.  More than one person
reach -      our chance of starving before we reach the buffet at Newhaven."
more -      has more individuality, save perhaps watches and bootlaces. The
way -      It was only age which stood in the way.
more -      know more than that she was tall and graceful, with black hair, and
laid -      that he had laid aside his violin and was deep in a book. He looked
rose -      was quite hopeless, so I rose and lit the candle with the intention
well -      "Well, it is all possible if you grant the original monstrous
more -      and more excited than ever when it actually caught sight of its
well -      "Well, what did you do?"
woolwich -      would take her to about Woolwich and back. If he'd been away in the
beach -      The old place on the beach just after sunset on Tuesday. It is the
wish -      simply bound and gagged. He did not wish to put his head in a halter.
battlefield -      on the battlefield. You are in the Leper Hospital, and you have slept
county -      This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of this year. It is a
dundee -      spent three days in wiring to Dundee, and at the end of that time I
well -      and concentration of the heavy, tufted brows which I knew so well.
white -      swiftly down the broad, white road. Rolling pasture lands curved
tore -      "Ha! It is the answer!" He tore it open, glanced his eyes over it,
london -      deceased had for some reason lived a double life in London and Paris.
boscombe -      way of the woods to the Boscombe Pool. It was damp, marshy ground, as
barrow -      us. He has been excavating a barrow at Long Down, and has got a
way -      that they have done her to death in some way which has deceived the
portland -      Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell
way -      seemed to know the ground perfectly, and he threaded his way swiftly
began -      from that time she began to watch her mistress closely and to keep a
tone -      "'Tention!" cried Holmes, in a sharp tone, and the six dirty little
dull -      untrimmed and unbraided, and she wore a small turban of the same dull
london -      just beside one of the briskest currents of London life. No. 131 was
rise -      interests which rise up around the man who first finds himself master
amberley -      would appear that Amberley has one hobby in life, and it is chess.
middle -      middle of the night he heard a soft tread pass his door, so he rose
paddington -      valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock Holmes was
settle -      and he appeared to be asleep. Then, unable to settle down to reading,
pocket -      discovered. He took away ten. Only seven were in his pocket. What had
bay -      the bay. Behind the old-fashioned hamlet several modern houses have
moor -      But I was eager to get back to my charge. The melancholy of the moor,
stamford -      old days Stamford had never been a particular crony of mine, but now
how -      "How did you get here?"
stoke -      inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr.
stamford -      seems to me, Stamford," I added, looking hard at my companion, "that
north -      occupied a villa called Lachine, about half a mile from the north
close -      It was a wild, tempestuous night towards the close of November.
hebron -      "That is John Hebron, of Atlanta," said the lady, "and a nobler man
lady -      furnished, and the lady who received us was a most engaging elderly
more -      more common occurrence than any one would think who only knew me
old -      and took his old friend by the shoulders--"I've hardly seen you in
way -      "You say that she must have come back this way?"
way -      "I am immensely indebted to you. Pray tell me in what way I can
turn -      didn't turn up. Water ran out. Just except a little drop for the
london -      taking the papers to your brother in London. Leaving all his private
musgrave -      Musgrave Ritual aright I should hold in my hand the clue which would
laid -      which we stooped. Holmes laid his hand upon him, and held it up
well -      in Regent Street? The beard might well have been the same. The cabman
porlock -      expectations come to nothing. I trust that the man Porlock will come
eye -      "I'll fix the old devil!" said McGinty with an oath. "I've had my eye
sound -      or the sound of voices from the village, lightened our vigil; but one
lock -      "'Why do you think that I lock this door?'
lady -      if there is a quarrel, began. The lady keeps her room, alters her
deal -      to say that it is a deal too thick for the likes of me."
scout -      in those wild, halcyon days. He had been a scout too, and a trapper,
eye -      "I cannot explain it, Mr. Holmes," she said. "I have not shut an eye
quarter -      I brought down this suit of clothes, and in a quarter of an hour
well -      "Well, you put the case strongly," my friend replied thoughtfully.
loose -      longer desired his attentions. The dog is let loose at night to
mason -      only Jack who suffered. Mrs. Mason had no complaint to make about the
well -      "Well, well, no offence, Sam. We can't afford to quarrel. Come over
spring -      but they were let in early in the spring through the Venezuelan loan,
letters -      over, and, as letters were no use, I put my messages where she could
weeks -      a few weeks ago when your college friend addressed me in words which
rode -      neither rode nor shot, but spent his days in wandering round the old
read -      all. You just read it for yourself, sir."
sudden -      sudden and so terrible is it. Public disgrace I might have faced,
box -      and the choicest pearls that he had he put in an iron box, and sent
norwood -      Norwood and London Bridge."
chalk -      done in chalk upon the window-sill. Make a discreet inquiry also as
sudden -      overwhelmed by this sudden and irrevocable disaster which had brought
common -      allowed freedom after dark. Bleaching of the skin is a common result
london -      from London, was standing before us. There was certainly no sign of
lodge -      "This, Miss Morstan, is Pondicherry Lodge," said Mr. Thaddeus Sholto,
more -      A minute later we were in the street once more. Holmes was as cool as
letters -      scrawled in blood-red letters a single word--
west -      It was one of the finest corner-houses of the West End. A
old -      human nature is weak. I fear that your old friend here has given an
high -      the house of Dr. Mortimer, stood high above the rest. The postmaster,
law -      "The English law is in the main a just law. You will get no worse
hope -      perseverance, Jefferson Hope possessed also a power of sustained
street -      forwarded instantly from Baker Street to Coombe Tracey. They were of
hope -      "Ask Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope if she will be kind enough to step
hound -      his hound, but he could not hush its voice, and hence came those
old -      son, but the old man seemed morose and depressed. I was so bored by
london -      citizens of London to this most pitiable pass? We waited, all
more -      come down.  For all my efforts two more had passed before I found
milverton -      Milverton chuckled.
how -      "This is recent, quite recent. See how the brass shines where it is
wish -      married against his wish. There was no other reason."
scale -      on the same scale as his foot he must certainly have been a giant."
true -      "'Pooh, man; you should soar above it. You are not in your true
well -      his business, and what was I to do? I put the price well within your
how -      upon each, but only Mycroft can focus them all, and say offhand how
cairns -      When I found Patrick Cairns among the harpooners my research was
close -      the same destination. It was close upon twelve before I heard the
shelf -      come, so we may put our little problem upon the shelf for the
plantation -      "Were there gipsies in the plantation at the time?"
wish -      to the desk to do it. But why should any criminal wish to ring the
rock -      We scrambled from rock to rock until in a few moments we had made our
mitton -      noticeable that Lucas did not take Mitton on the Continent with him.
town -      into town at certain seasons, but in summer I had less to do, and
ashes -      death--and she found the ashes of a burned letter in the back of the
hound -      "He followed the hound to call him off--of that you may be certain.
west -      reasonable. Then the West Section Coaling Company has paid its annual
more -      themselves to a more favourable hypothesis. Let us suppose, for
how -      followed by Sir Henry and you. One word now as to how I stood myself
more -      day to day I had become more irritable at the sight, and my
press -      the roof. I can press it back, and here is the roof itself, sloping
wilson -      "Grave enough!" said Mr. Jabez Wilson. "Why, I have lost four pound a
streatham -      please, Mr. Holder, we will set off for Streatham together, and
pocket -      letters in my pocket."
trumpington -      should be the village of Trumpington to the right of us. And, by
flush -      The flush had faded in an instant, and a deathly face was before me.
white -      "Have you seen all you want of the study?" asked White Mason as we
rooms -      The lodger occupied two rooms at the vicarage, which were in an angle
read -      habit, Watson, of telling a story backward. You had best read this
town -      the trail turned hard to the right in the direction of the town,
green -      Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood
borne -      old fighting-men who had borne arms against us at Chilian-wallah.
street -      Threadneedle Street."
read -      told the doctor. Take it and read it to me, for I have neither the
blackheath -      "Did you go to Blackheath?"
way -      you don't pick up nowadays. This way, Mr. Holmes, if you please!"
deal -      the window himself. It's a good deal broader than any bootmark. I
true -      assuming a very different aspect. It is true that though in your
folkestone -      last of these, at Folkestone Court, in May, was remarkable for the
anchor -      street I could see a great blue anchor tattooed on the back of the
thorn -      "It looks like a thorn," said I.
letters -      I had so many letters now that I could proceed with considerable
well -      can very well see that no apology is needed. If I can be of any
latimer -      though frayed, were of rich quality.  Mr. Latimer seated himself
manor -      "If you are Mr. John Douglas of Birlstone Manor, then whose death
market -      market.'
well -      "Oh, well; of course, if you and father have arranged it all, there's
high -      At the end were the signatures of the high dignitaries who had signed
eye -      the northern slope of the Sierra Blanco. As far as the eye can reach
high -      wayfarer upon the high road which ran by Ferrier's farm felt
derby -      then you begin to wonder. I believe Shoscombe Prince and the Derby
frame -      "I think I have known how to frame the letter," said Sherlock Holmes.
kennington -      Kennington Road, but he has a branch surgery and dispensary at Lower
hope -      Three weeks had passed since Jefferson Hope and his comrades had
send -      agreement. I must, however, as a matter of duty, send an inspector
valley -      the west of England in connection with Boscombe Valley tragedy. Shall
wish -      Watson," said he; "I wish you simply to report facts in the fullest
star -      "Oh, in the Globe, Star, Pall Mall, St. James's, Evening News,
steps -      gravel. The steps passed along the path on the other side of the wall
clouds -      westward, and heavy clouds moved slowly across the sky, with half a
east -      "I told him about the Chinese in the East End."
home -      "That's true enough, and we'll talk till the cows come home of the
bank -      the cellar, "I do not know how the bank can thank you or repay you.
street -      We pulled up at the Great Peter Street post-office, and Holmes
read -      you won't have the regulars, there is this detective man what we read
valley -      valley, and absorbed in his work, had had little chance of learning
old -      "Good old Watson! No, we can do nothing there unless the police lay
prospect -      his returning health and by the prospect of action, lunched with us
well -      yet-- Well, Watson, we can but try."
athelney -      "You are under the charge of Mr. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard. He
how -      Bohemia, and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by
well -      "'Well,' said I, laughing, 'there is no harm done except that you
close -      close together, talking in low, confidential tones. From below the
way -      is a very liberal man, but he has his fads and his own way of doing
barney -      postmark. And yet Susan passes the word to Barney. Barney has time to
more -      "I have never seen him in a more dangerous mood. But he grows more
law -      passion with me. I cared nothing for the law,--nothing for the
walls -      down the walls and hung like a black canopy above him. Barrymore had
birmingham -      Masser Holmes? I was trainin' at the Bull Ring in Birmingham when
common -      served by affecting to disregard what is a common subject for
way -      No, I won't smoke, I thank you. I'll have to be pushing on my way;
lady -      Holmes raised the lady. "I am thankful, madam, that you have come to
thorn -      his chair. Now examine the thorn."
how -      "'And how was it then that Charles did not get his crown when he
eye -      of carrying her head, and a glint from her eye like a spark from a
way -      way, do you know what Mycroft is?"
pocket -      pocket. "That was on July 2d," said he.
sound -      worked vigorously upon the floor. Presently we heard the sound of
rooms -      early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms
hope -      light of hope began to glimmer in the glance which she turned upon
old -      hatred of an old rival. That evening Jefferson Hope was taken into
sound -      there, and as it smoked she had opened the window. No sound was heard
more -      a row of well-lit stores, and even more by a cluster of saloons and
stair -      "I rather fancy that he is on the stair," said Holmes, serenely. "I
battle -      who is planning a battle with his chief of the staff."
weeks -      "This hat has not been brushed for weeks. When I see you, my dear
wall -      armchair beside the bed, a plain wooden chair against the wall, a
edge -      The boarding house was near the edge of the town, and soon they were
more -      more immediate use here."
high -      Warren's house--a high, thin, yellow-brick edifice in Great Orme
lodge -      Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old khitmutgar and Williams with me.
walls -      little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend
egypt -      and Egypt, a work which will cut deep at the very foundations of
devonshire -      estate. When he went to Devonshire his plans were, I believe,
stout -      "Ah, Bradstreet, how are you?" A tall, stout official had come down
how -      was, nor how he had come to offend it. He could only suppose that the
high -      career. Modern criticism has more than indorsed the high opinion
darlington -      taken advantage of it. In the case of the Darlington substitution
quick -      "Quick, madam, the time grows short!"
home -      and gave evidence as follows: 'I had been away from home for three
station -      the nature of the case and the exalted station of his client gave it
how -      I am excommunicated from my faith. That's how it stands with me. And
read -      Holmes sprang in his chair as if he had been stung when I read the
hound -      work with a savage hound. The use of artificial means to make the
middle -      porticoed houses which are so prominent a product of the middle
touch -      who were really in touch with the truth. One of these was his present
more -      would rest the more readily upon him. What did you do, then? You made
lock -      turned the key gently in the lock, opened the door, and slipped
home -      "Nay, he was bringing home the goose as a peace-offering to his wife.
street -      Several letters were waiting for Holmes at Baker Street. He snatched
catch -      seemed hopeless for me to attempt to catch my train. I was feeling
letters -      "The word RACHE, written in letters of blood," he said.
home -      home, but no father ever returned to tell them how he had fared at
amberley -      "No short cuts, Josiah Amberley. Things must be done decently and in
hound -      of the hound ever since I was in the nursery. It's the pet story of
den -      learn to have been the lodger at the opium den, and to have been the
quarter -      I looked at the clock.  It was a quarter to twelve.  This could not
stand -      was too weak to stand against the opinion of his comrades, but was
home -      how often your man came home the other road, or was down in town when
more -      meal that Holmes showed signs of renewed activity. Once more we found
well -      "Well, if he has done no wrong we shall see that no wrong comes to
dartmoor -      Dartmoor. Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station--the one a
how -      different type? How came they both to be so keen upon looking up
well -      out from her retreat. Well, Hopkins, here we are at Charing Cross,
rose -      An elderly, clean-shaved man with a kindly face and a good brow rose
lodge -      McMurdo saw many familiar faces. Brothers of the lodge smiled and
seal -      in the world for him to take a wax impression from the seal, to
balmoral -      5. Duke of Balmoral's Iris. Yellow and black stripes.
wall -      up like a wall on that side of us, low, but thick and well defined.
milverton -      was the broad, rounded back of Milverton. It was evident that we had
lady -      than the young lady who had already by all accounts received pressing
lodge -      "Of the lodge?"
old -      my old man. It was him that roused him up yesternight, and, what's
bank -      pin the deeper into the sticky bank. When we brought our launch
mere -      your breach of duty could never be discovered, and yet a mere glance
prospect -      been appointed Inner Deacon, with every prospect of some day
read -      satisfaction were both for an instant to be read upon his eager face,
true -      "That's true, sir."
old -      old a friend?"
rise -      My answer was to rise from the table.
way -      "Yes. Tell Shinwell Johnson to get that girl out of the way. Those
press -      clanking of the printing press.
hope -      abandoned all hope of escape. Single-handed, and with his limited
oath -      it to you because I know that an oath is binding upon a Feringhee,
shaw -      trees, marked as the 'Ragged Shaw,' and on the farther side stretches
central -      In the central portion of the great North American Continent there
high -      black, empty windows and high, bare walls, towered up, sad and
west -      actually found upon the person of this junior clerk, Cadogan West.
rose -      Holmes rose and tossed the end of his cigarette into the grate. "I
hope -      at that time, I hope that you will postpone it, as this matter is of
stanley -      The youthful figure and alert, eager face of Inspector Stanley
spring -      handcuffs from a drawer. "See how beautifully the spring works. They
pill -      of these boxes, while I ate the pill that remained. It would be quite
letters -      Milverton will send the letters to the Earl unless a large sum of
gill -      a great rolling moor, Lower Gill Moor, extending for ten miles and
inch -      "And so did I," said Baskerville. "Every inch of it."
high -      Upper Swandam Lane is a vile alley lurking behind the high wharves
more -      plaster cast was not worth more than a few shillings, and the whole
way -      his house, as he had often begged her to do, and made her way into
loan -      loan of a man or two, and it is not for us to refuse him." McGinty
high -      succession of high, tremulous yelps, and, with his nose on the
read -      can read that text over the fire.  The bare sight of me was like a
old -      come from the old man at my side, and yet he sat now as absorbed as
stand -      "You'll only get yourself hurt," said the inspector. "Stand still,
highway -      Highway murders, the article concluded by admonishing the Government
farnham -      Saturday forenoon I ride on my bicycle to Farnham Station in order to
laid -      and laid a small heap of things before us. There was a box of vestas,
station -      me this week-end, and I had got a trap to take her to the station,
norfolk -      was dressed like a gentleman, in Norfolk jacket and knickerbockers,
well -      know me too well to think that I am boasting when I say that I shall
mere -      "But that is mere speculation," said I.
norwood -      Bartholomew Sholto, of Pondicherry Lodge, Upper Norwood, was found
moor -      upon the moor. A few faint stars were gleaming in a violet sky.
chislehurst -      Chislehurst arrives, and allow me to lay the evidence before you,
common -      that suicides are most common. That would be about his time for
lady -      "I am dependent upon my sister, Lady Beatrice, for everything. But it
how -      line of thought. It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is
lady -      that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home
church -      Gross & Hankey's in Regent Street, and then to the Church of St.
station -      humble station, all three fired with the same reasons for revenge. He
steps -      Heavy steps and the clamor of loud voices were audible from below,
how -      "How about the fireplace?"
stone -      "Why, then--alas!--it must be you and not the stone."
turn -      Jeremy Dixon, and then I have no doubt that our luck will turn. By
quick -      "Are you quick of action?"
street -      commands a view down Howe Street, with its ore pretentious houses.
seed -      seen a worse-kept place. The garden was all running to seed, giving
how -      "How long had this maid Dolores been with her?"
old -      window of old stained glass, the oak panelling, the stags' heads, the
sovereign -      "'The Church of St. Monica, John,' she cried, 'and half a sovereign
hill -      direction after all, I mounted a hill from which I could command a
began -      terrified animals. Unaccustomed to sudden emergencies, her head began
how -      delirious. No, it was more likely to be an attempt to explain how he
way -      manservant, a melancholy, swarthy individual, who led the way, my bag
twenty -      inside it, until I was within twenty paces of the door."
catch -      flats, which projected so that they could not fail to catch the eye.
more -      "Come, sir," said he. "There is more in this than meets the eye. How
america -      must be someone from America because she had spent so short a time in
boot -      nails, by his coat-sleeve, by his boot, by his trouser knees, by the
moor -      over the moor, when he was either met or overtaken by the trainer. A
white -      the dull, dead white of a fish's belly, and his eyes were wild and
ross -      Colonel Ross still wore an expression which showed the poor opinion
more -      He is a tall man, sunburned, very powerful, not more than thirty. He
charles -      grim story of Sir Charles's death, we had a line of inexplicable
rooms -      "As you both locked your doors at night, your rooms were
america -      America, and the deceased had, no doubt, infringed their unwritten
how -      I was pained at the mistake, for I knew how keenly Holmes would feel
home -      our home product. One by one the management of the noble houses of
wish -      that as long as I live at home I don't wish to be a burden to them,
hebron -      then was Mrs. Hebron. She went out to America when she was young, and
rock -      new ship, the Bass Rock, sailing in two days' time from Southampton.
ross -      bought in London from Ross and Mangles, the dealers in Fulham Road.
true -      disconnected before began at once to assume its true place, and I had
penge -      when she resided at Penge, she let apartments in her house to three
how -      Barker stared at Holmes with amazement in his face. "How in thunder
scotland -      Scotland Yard that they were among the passengers of the ill-fated
shawl -      shawl out for that purpose. "You've got to put your hands up like
sheet -      He handed over a sheet torn from a note-book. On it was scribbled in
well -      "Well! Well!" said Holmes after an interval of silence. "Mr. Gibson
sussex -      don't belong to Sussex."
well -      criminal world of London so well as I do.  For years past I have
prospect -      prospect to me.
cabin -      cabin. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So far
more -      she had never known them more cheerful and prosperous. She had
stone -      a hill stood a long, low stone house, approached by a curving drive
old -      again, what is master doing down at the old church crypt at night?
more -      the police would have been supplemented, or more probably
more -      more clear to you before long. It has been an exceedingly difficult
monument -      absent from the monument which the immigrants erected to Him who had
weeks -      went up to my London rooms, where I spent seven weeks working out a
stanley -      badly to Stanley Hopkins just now?"
lead -      that he held in his hands all the clues which would lead up to the
oldacre -      Oldacre's private affairs.
white -      white face and set expression of the young hunter showed that in his
well -      "Quite in the back row, eh? But her brother was well up to the front.
wallington -      "How far to Wallington?" he asked.
how -      "But how is that if the horse is so good?"
sussex -      study and bee-farming on the Sussex Downs, notoriety has become
true -      Joseph Smith? 'Let every maiden of the true faith marry one of the
way -      the case which you, in your sensational way, coupled with the Copper
reigate -                The Reigate Squires
coat -      "The shoulder cut of your coat, the toes of your boots--could anyone
city -      buildings,--the monster tentacles which the giant city was throwing
well -      Gar! it was as well that he made a break for it before the note
high -      enabled me to find John Warner, late gardener of High Gable, sacked
blackheath -      not get back to Blackheath, so I spent the night at the Anerley Arms,
edge -      Holmes swung his leg on the edge of the table.
east -      African coast about seven hundred to the east. On the whole, as the
frame -      one of those black silhouettes which our grandparents loved to frame.
weeks -      six weeks ago she came to me.
lady -      'If the lady who fainted on Brixton bus'--she does not interest me.
charles -      this had been his custom. On the 4th of May Sir Charles had declared
how -      Viewing the matter as an abstract problem, I had forgotten how
oldacre -      under that name at some provincial town where Oldacre from time to
touch -      dark-eyed, black-bearded man, with a touch of the sheeny about his
lady -      had left the lady about 7.30.
rose -      "My dear Watson," said he, as he rose from the table and paced up and
white -      Stoner turned white to the lips as she listened.
letters -      My previous letters and telegrams have kept you pretty well up to
street -      whom we had seen in the street, with his evening paper spread out in
ball -      shivering of his eyelids, which showed a thin white slit of ball
quick -      never at fault. You don't seem to be so very quick, after all."
sudden -      illness," he explained. "I am liable to these sudden nervous
gang -      gang will be with us before we have finished our breakfast."
green -      lovely trip, the dainty green of the spring below, the virgin white
home -      "She was later than usual and wanted to get home."
rooms -      in your rooms, Mrs. Warren?"
well -      "Well, sir?" asked Holmes sternly.
old -      "Now that you mention it, I did see old Ralph carrying a basket down
more -      office. He had suddenly vanished and nothing more been heard of him.
stones -      spark which marked a chink between the stones.
sound -      we held our breath, and then a very gentle creaking sound came to our
more -      mastering more elementary problems. Let him, on meeting a
way -      liberty, therefore, of making an appointment in such a way that my
grove -      at the back door, into the grove of fir-trees, probably, which was
green -      deep and covered with soft green moss, where I could lie unseen in
prendergast -      Prendergast, and the second mate was his right-hand man. The captain,
rooms -      whether the two busts smashed in Dr. Barnicot's rooms were the exact
row -      shoulder. As he reached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out
lawn -      "I have done the lawn and the bicycle shed," said he. "I have also
butt -      his hand was a sort of gun, with a curiously misshapen butt. He
more -      At last he mastered himself and sat down once more at his desk. "I
old -      make myself known to my old comrades?  Even my wish for revenge would
rope -      needed the rope. He would not tear it down for fear of giving the
crown -      sitting-room at the Crown Inn. They were on the upper floor, and from
valley -                            THE BOSCOMBE VALLEY MYSTERY
how -      these results, you are unable to see how they are attained?"
more -      then blend once more into the cloud-bank. The thief or the murderer
well -      some work to do. Well, what has Baron Gruner been up to? I presume it
trevor -      "'When did it happen, doctor?' asked Trevor.
bare -      that bare space and correspond with Gordon's picture there."
how -      how strange and sinister would be that new development which opened
street -      five before we were back in Baker Street once more.
well -      died however, and the school which had begun well sank from disrepute
eccles -      the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection
march -      detective on our visit to Wisteria Lodge. It was a cold, dark March
lane -      "I saw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening," said
mortimer -      neighbours. Dr. Mortimer is a most learned man in his own line. Poor
wish -      I should wish to speak to you, but would rather not do so in your
cross -      through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?"
central -      evidence of some strong and secret central force. It was absolutely
lock -      however, he would rush tumultuously in at the door and lock and bar
more -      What is more, the faithless spouse carried off the old man's deed-box
start -      "I'd start this next minute if I knew where we could find him," said
coast -      Coast. Thence I went straight to a friend in America. I tell you it
lady -      name. Ask the young lady to step up, Mrs. Hudson. Don't go, doctor. I
lomond -      marry the young Duke of Lomond, who might almost be her son. His
horsham -      Horsham, I doubt if ever he set foot in the town. He had a garden and
creed -      holy creed. We have delayed long enough. Forward! On, on to Zion!"
more -      even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing seems to
old -      the very image, they tell me, of the family picture of old Hugo. He
coat -      "There is one thing," said John Openshaw. He rummaged in his coat
old -      "'There used to be a very old one over yonder but it was struck by
well -      at our companion. "Well, if there is nothing to be learned here we
douglas -      friend of the past unknown life of Mr. Douglas who was ever seen in
baldwin -      that's a heavy hand in these parts, as Brother Baldwin knows--and as
way -      He would speak of someone in his velvet way and then look at me with
tower -      tower and slate roof. Not bad for a man who started with nothing
field -      lunkah, it obviously narrows your field of search. To the trained eye
high -      very high stone wall topped with broken glass. A single narrow
more -      as a pikestaff, and the more one goes into it the plainer it becomes.
athelney -      The old man made a little run towards the door, but, as Athelney
point -      considerably. The possession of a grey garment was a third point
height -      "'It was the year '55 when the Crimean war was at its height, and the
charles -      short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles
town -      "You will take this train to town, Cartwright. The moment you arrive
quarter -      at a quarter to twelve Police-constable Barrett, passing along
mere -      hall was a mere point of light. He opened the outer door, and then as
old -      and for a few days I was a dweller once more in my old quarters at
woking -      "No. I had not been back to Woking between getting the order and
hart -      'White Hart'; but bar that all was quiet enough on the beat. At one
more -      see more than such a collection of old trunks and bundles as would be
canada -      gentleman and found that he had been farming in Canada. From the
stakes -      such stakes as would hurt him. He was a member of the Baldwin, the
well -      no difficulty in finding her rooms, which were central and well
eye -      himself, with his eye on the house, waiting for Mr. Douglas to come
rooms -      since they lived together and you had rooms apart?"
way -      way to Africa, but the news reached me this morning, and I came
pocket -      gentleman, well dressed, and having cards in his pocket bearing the
acton -      "I wished Mr. Acton to be present while I demonstrated this small
quick -      You know that I have a quick eye for faces, Holmes. It was
town -      "Last Monday Mr. Neville St. Clair went into town rather earlier than
read -      nervous woman. He does not say so, but I can read it from his
oldacre -      marked with the name of 'Hyams,' who was Oldacre's tailor. I then
sandy -      than might otherwise have been possible. The wet, sandy path took it
more -      since then I have more than once observed traces of tears upon her
lady -      bathing assiduously with vinegar and water. The lady lay back
more -      several places where it has passed across and obliterated the more
reddish -      The earth is of this peculiar reddish tint which is found, as far as
laid -      wonderfully. When I came down to our room I found the breakfast laid
brixton -      It was the first announcement in the "Found" column. "In Brixton
street -      down the street, until the gray turban and white feather were but a
how -      the greatest blow which has befallen me in my career. But how could I
well -      "On the contrary, he has done quite remarkably well," said Holmes.
catch -      the existence of this Jonathan Small. However, if you can catch him I
home -      home with you. I wouldn't frighten Kate--poor little Kate. Give me
ordnance -      He had obtained a large ordnance map of the neighbourhood, and this
kensington -      Notting Hill; and Hugo Oberstein, 13 Caulfield Gardens, Kensington.
street -      from Throgmorton Street. What other regiment would you join?"
lady -      "At the same time," Holmes continued, "Lady Eva is not a wealthy
eye -      ride over the plantation, to keep an eye on the men as they worked,
wish -      "And now a word as to my household, Mr. Holmes, for I wish you to
more -      fear that unless you can give me some more definite information than
thorn -      "It is a thorn. You may pick it out. But be careful, for it is
bridge -      on that point. Besides, as the bridge was up, there was no other
bovington -      had been pawned at Bovington's, in Westminster Road. The pawner was a
knock -      it," returned Holmes, going back to the mat to knock the snow from
sutherland -      into the very simple problem presented by Miss Mary Sutherland, that
send -      would ring for an express messenger, for I have a letter to send, and
turn -      "Then I suggest that we turn our dinner into a supper and follow up
sea -      the low, constant murmur of the sea.
flush -      heart. His eyes had the brightness of fever, there was a hectic flush
moor -      "Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?"
way -      "I have run all the way in order to cut you off, Dr. Watson," said
douglas -      "Douglas!" he stammered. "Birlstone! What's this, Mr. Holmes? Man,
steps -      came the stealthy steps passing once more upon their return journey.
well -      die. "Why not here, as well as in a feather bed, twenty years hence,"
success -      success that he was able to sell it and to retire upon a handsome
wall -      other, the look of the offices, the absence of name on the wall, and
angle -      Holmes and I rushed out and round the angle of the house, with Toller
village -      stolid village policeman made up the rest of that strange company.
north -      it down by the North Devon line and walked a great distance over the
more -      police. It's a capitalist outrage, and you'll hear more of it, I
walls -      crushed in the press, set fire to the wooden walls, though no doubt
way -      the day, so we made our way back to Baker Street. It was not till
stones -      cats'-eyes, turquoises, and other stones, the very names of which I
mortimer -      "This is Sir Henry Baskerville," said Dr. Mortimer.
douglas -      "Ivy Douglas."
water -      chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder
moor -      over to Mapleton. Why should he run wild upon the moor? He would
ball -      but on the table I found a small ball of black dough, or clay, with
america -      Africa, the Digger Indians of America, and the Terra del Fuegians.
how -      question which confronted me was to find out how Stangerson had been
box -      money enough in his box to buy the thing right up from keel to
common -      out of the common. But in my opinion it comes more in Dr. Watson's
sudden -      "No, no, it was more than that, Jack." Then a sudden suspicion seized
well -      I've no doubt it was well stage-managed."
deal -      good deal to discuss." He took up his sheets of foolscap. "You are,
laid -      My friend smiled and laid his hand upon my arm. "I think, Watson,
laid -      master's towel had been laid. For a long time I stood in deep
leslie -      Dr. Leslie Armstrong sprang up from behind his desk, and his dark
parsley -      to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter
point -      notable job which needed numbers. At this point there are several
wooden -      the wooden floor of the bedroom. Thrust away behind a curtain in the
well -      is well known that her interest in the estate is for her own life
grey -      to the left of me. It seemed to me to be something grey in colour, a
lane -      Pinchin Lane was a row of shabby two-storied brick houses in the
more -      when we had regained the lower room once more.
village -      through the park until the whole village outside the gates was
station -      Mr. Joseph Harrison drove us down to the station, and we were soon
rooms -      St. Clair has most kindly put two rooms at my disposal, and you may
lady -      lady's, on the other hand, were most bitter, and when she raised her
way -      for the market. All the way there every man I met seemed to me to be
began -      away, and I began to have a dim, vague perception of the truth.
laid -      I saw the faithful little creature, an Airedale terrier, laid out
coat -      his coat.
laid -      was going well when McCarthy laid his grip upon me.
walls -      walls. Robbery does not appear to have been the motive of the crime,
kingston -      "Vernon Lodge, near Kingston. It is a large house. He has been
town -      The latter was known to be in town on Monday and is now reported as
street -      Three days later we were back in Baker Street together; but it was
catch -      catch, and I was some little time before I could throw it up. Then I
ross -      to Colonel Ross as well as to myself, as we listened to our
touch -      you in touch with all the facts before we go. I suppose if anything
white -      light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting
gravesend -      our vessel, the Esmeralda, at Gravesend, outward bound for the
middle -      Holdernesse in the Middle Ages."
more -      "There are forces here which may be more dangerous than those he has
way -      "I did, Mr. Holmes. It's my way. Shall I read it, Mr. Gregson?"
well -      "I have heard him talk of Chicago. He knew that city well and had
street -      were to start you in Brook Street?'
more -      Holmes, for having refused to speak more freely, and you on your side
well -      it is. Ha! isn't that a ring? Yes, there is his footstep. Well, Mr.
read -      as we stood together, he read over the fragment of paper. It began in
scott -      "This is very painful--very painful and terrible," said Mr. Scott
cambridge -      the card of Mr. Cyril Overton, of Trinity College, Cambridge,
wish -      "She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to
well -      "Well, well," said he, at last. "It is, of course, possible that a
rose -      across Holmes's knee. I rose, and, standing behind Holmes, I studied
more -      I was in a position to attack the first message once more, dividing
how -      "And how did he make his money?"
bush -      bush. So did the son. They are both sure of it on account of the
how -      "How long can you stay in London?"
coat -      is a long drive to Hampstead." He stepped forward, took up his coat,
old -      rack the old and oily clay pipe, which was to him as a counsellor,
water -      water, and sit here comfortably and tell us all about it. Or should
lodge -      spoke, "this lodge has finished its business for the evening, save
point -      dead in his room under circumstances which point to foul play. As far
stapleton -      silence. Finally Stapleton turned upon his heel and beckoned in a
dull -      movement upon the dull, grey earth--above all, there is absolute
white -      it. It's the big white one over yonder. There's twenty-six of them,
more -      "No; you can be much more useful if you will remain here as my
turn -      It was Holmes's turn to look astonished.
station -      body striking the line, just before the train reached the station.
rooms -      rooms of Mr. Melas.  A gentleman had just called for him, and he was
way -      "By the way," said he to Joseph Harrison, "you found some place, I
stone -      passed over a stone bridge, but swelling into small lakes on either
beach -      the body. My first task naturally was to note who was on the beach.
middle -      We had come on a small black ribbon of pathway. In the middle of it,
farmers -      flower, and the year which saw her father the richest of the farmers
station -      Station they got out, and I left a boy to hold my horse, and followed
more -      speak about, even to you,' said he. I could get nothing more."
pool -      shot through the Pool, past the West India Docks, down the long
station -      they were not delivered, and again I had to cycle to the station.
flat -      lying flat upon his face upon the ground, with arms and legs all
pocket -      of bread, and thrusting this rude meal into his pocket he started off
water -      didn't turn up. Water ran out. Just except a little drop for the
how -      Abdullah Khan, Dost Akbar.' No, I confess that I do not see how this
how -      itself upon me. How could my hair have been locked in the drawer?
lady -      upon the linoleum. Our own door flew open, and a lady, clad in some
moorland -      dog-cart over a rough moorland track which led from the outlying
heath -      1. Mr. Heath Newton's The Negro. Red cap. Cinnamon jacket.
how -      "I cannot understand, Barrymore, how you came to conceal this
well -      "Well, we shall set about explaining it. When once your point of view
steel -      pattern at Scotland Yard?" he continued, taking a pair of steel
how -      The question now arose how I might be able to examine the house. I
how -      cannot imagine. You may have noticed how extremes call to each other,
how -      "How very absurd! I never noticed that before."
how -      your wife that you were writing? How am I to know that you are not a
way -      We made our way to Brussels that night and spent two days there,
whitehall -      know--and shall know--nothing of Whitehall Terrace. Only we know of
charles -      Sir Charles's nervous system was strained to the breaking point. He
rooms -      other young officers would meet in his rooms of an evening and play
well -      "'Well,' said I, 'you said you'd give me one for Christmas, and I was
camberwell -      We had traversed Streatham, Brixton, Camberwell, and now found
send -      "Then pray send him home in it. You may safely trust him, for he
town -      Watson, for we have a good day's work before us in town."
well -      "Well, who was the murdered man?" asked Holmes.
rose -      rose, opened my door, and peeped out. A long black shadow was
porlock -      so-called Porlock?"
valley -      through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir. At every turn
lady -      near the centre, of these glasses. Therefore the lady's eyes are set
read -      could possibly have read what happened at Prague and have any doubts
tone -      unconventional, unbusinesslike tone of his letter and contrasted it
shoscombe -      "There are the Shoscombe spaniels," said I. "You hear of them at
south -      Mr. Carruthers and Mr. Woodley, who were home on a visit from South
way -      telling me the news that came to him by way of business. How would he
wish -      live to the Assizes, so it matters little to me, but I should wish to
hammer -      hammer."
wood -      inadequate a purpose. The walls were of wood, but the floor consisted
lyons -      Mrs. Lyons flushed with anger again.
keeping -      hand off before he would sell a State secret confided to his keeping.
true -      point of view that what this young man says is true, and we shall see
lodge -      other Mrs. Oldmore and maid, of High Lodge, Alton.
cunningham -      "I fancy that is quite obvious," said Mr. Cunningham, gravely. "Why,
how -      How's that?"
mere -      drawer. It struck me that it might have been fastened by a mere
sound -      followed immediately by a hollow drumming sound, as if someone were
pocket -      but loose money to the extent of seven pounds thirteen. Pocket
true -      It seems incredible, and yet it must be true. All points in one
london -      "And yet it was one thing to laugh about it in London, and it is
more -      of a man who had been surprised into saying more than he intended.
charles -      "It was about the late Sir Charles Baskerville that I have come here
rooms -      except only in the Diogenes Club, which is just opposite his rooms."
river -      of the river."
way -      "We shall look in on our way to the train," answered Holmes. A moment
lady -      Still, of course, one can't refuse a lady, and such a very positive
press -      "The Press, Watson, is a most valuable institution if you only know
keeping -      rode past the carriage, and, keeping to the main road, I went on for
moor -      foaming up into fantastic surges. "You never tire of the moor. You
main -      centre one to your sister's, and the one next to the main building to
wish -      should wish to know what has become of him?'
tone -      Mr. Bennett spoke in a tone of reproach, for it was very clear that
jubilee -      Norfolk. Last year I came up to London for the Jubilee, and I stopped
more -      practise it much. In the every-day affairs of life it is more useful
link -      "But you said--why, surely this might be the missing link. How do we
more -      hanging from your watch-chain, the matter becomes even more simple."
water -      Beside it lay some cooking utensils and a bucket half-full of water.
ruins -      the disorganization of his mind. Of all ruins, that of a noble mind
griggs -      It was only Leonardo and I who kept it up--with little Jimmy Griggs,
farmers -      farmers. There is our friend Dr. Mortimer, whom I believe to be
street -      was no one in Charles Street, but a great traffic was going on, as
way -      may recur. Others may find a better way. There is danger there--a
laid -      frightened eyes. Then he laid the candle-end upon the table and
eye -      "Can you see them in your mind's eye?"
piece -      in. From within he produced a crumpled piece of paper, an
elm -      "That must have been difficult, Holmes, when the elm was no longer
well -      Besides, with this crowd about, it was well that she should have
how -      "How long will it take you to make up your mind?"
well -      precautions against him?'  the reason is that I am well convinced
old -      behind us, but, even so, the old boards snapped and creaked beneath
box -      remembering the sender. The box is a half-pound box of honeydew
sussex -      Sussex. For centuries it had remained unchanged; but within the last
how -      identity of the man and the woman and knew at last exactly how I
emsworth -      warm humanity in his eyes. He strode up to Colonel Emsworth and shook
cove -      "Is this cove trying to be funny, or what? I'm not in the funny mood
read -      It read like a love affair, an assignation, though when and where
quarter -      house.  It was a quarter to ten before we reached London Bridge, and
more -      The Duke's beard had turned more aggressively red than ever against
locking -      "I had just taken the papers and was locking the cupboard when the
rose -      their Bodymaster rose once more to address them.
moor -      the bottom of one of the pits or old mines upon the moor."
home -      ourselves more profitably at home."
star -      during those months. Of these, one, the Lone Star, instantly
more -      "I fail to see how you could have done more."
stone -      we'll promise him the stone. We'll put him on the wrong track about
glen -      of his heart he put his hands to his mouth and made the glen re-echo
true -      "It is true. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station!
mere -      as far as he knew, was in Bristol. It was mere chance that he was
sutherland -      papers, to the singular case of Miss Mary Sutherland, and to the
box -      pen upon the subject. I had, therefore, examined the ears in the box
more -      It was a short account of the facts with which he was himself more
began -      beckoned to me and then began walking into the Park. I slipped out,
stapleton -      As I approached the hut, walking as warily as Stapleton would do when
well -      "Well, Sir Robert," said Holmes, rising, "this matter must, of
strode -      him. He threw the bridle over the fence and strode up the pathway.
how -      "I confess," said the Colonel, "that even now I cannot see how it
town -      town. But I shall return by the twelve o'clock train, so as to be
green -      green. It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never
wish -      wish you, Mr. Holmes, to come to Mackleton with me by the next
well -      "Well, I can tell you a little more than that. He has rather a
pott -      from McGinty inclosing one from Evans Pott, which informed him that
andover -      index, in Andover in '77, and there was something of the sort at The
quarter -      the queerest men.  He's always there from quarter to five to twenty
start -      house before. That does not seem a very likely start, does it?"
more -      more extraordinary and inexplicable did it appear. I was still
stanger -      Stanger of the Herald. You've seen how he's been opening his mouth
botany -      tin box, and an elementary book on botany, there are instructive days
steps -      trophy over his shoulder, he hastened to retrace his steps, for the
point -      but we must stretch a point in favour of a man with such a head of
well -      passed us, that he was well convinced that, walk where we would, we
norwood -      "And why not Norwood?"
ashes -      ashes of 140 different varieties of pipe, cigar, and cigarette
home -      "And one who was at home in the district, for the pool can only be
sheet -      the mad elements--blown in upon us like a sheet of sea-weed in a
loose -      in her hands. As she did so the loose gown fell back from her
read -      "What do you think of that, Holmes?" I had read the account aloud to
cross -      smoking-room of the Charing Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. Remember
way -      "In this sinister way I came into my inheritance. You will ask me why
montpellier -      Montpellier and ask her.
london -      the most striking men in London, was one of them. It was by all
charles -      Charles, who had conceived a friendship for him, made him the
sussex -      "Just as well for Sussex," I remarked. "It may have been the
sheet -      one. See what you can make of that, friend Watson." He tossed a sheet
stand -      Therefore, he has still to stand his ground. To do this he would have
began -      of provisions began to run out. This gave the hunter little
rattle -      moments after we heard the slam of the carriage door and the rattle
london -      career. I am a London University man, you know, and I am sure that
more -      an infinitely more tragic form than he could have imagined. I was
weeks -      the weeks went by.
county -      Lee, in the county of Kent."
wall -      was a high brick wall."
mark -      chubby neck there was this small puckered mark. Without speaking,
balmoral -      bride, Mr. Aloysius Doran, the Duchess of Balmoral, Lord Backwater,
lady -      fully occupied, for the young lady had come with the determination to
charing -      "From Charing Cross Hospital?"
true -      her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be."
lodge -                          THE ADVENTURE OF WISTERIA LODGE
guide -      direction.  It was in vain that our guide assured him that a fall of
close -      knew that we were indeed very close. A guttering candle was stuck in
london -      cannot possibly leave London while old Abrahams is in such mortal
old -      of the old house. It was comfortably furnished, and here Sir Robert
steps -      pick one's steps, but, on the whole, I was inclined to dismiss the
flushing -      household left yesterday for Flushing they took the less important
more -      hundred theories, each of which was more impossible than the last.
east -      contracted it down in the East End among the sailors."
way -      did not pass out that way. His window was open, and there is a stout
more -      bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and
tone -      rasping tone.
lead -      house more than a year now, and as I wished to lead a retired life I
read -      upon it in such a way that a trained observer might read it. Now, I
london -      rather assist me. Watson, when you reach London you would oblige me
way -      over the brink I saw him fall for a long way. Then he struck a rock,
how -      day has passed that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were
moat -      deed was done to slip quickly from the window, to wade the moat, and
sovereign -      have a sovereign on with you, just to teach you not to be obstinate."
station -      "halt-on-demand" station of Shoscombe. The rack above us was covered
charles -      Sir Charles's. He was exceedingly kind, and it was through him that
stapleton -      of them. Stapleton was talking with animation, but the baronet looked
roundhay -      been there yourself, Mr. Roundhay?"
more -      my share of that. It was more a feeling of duty--a feeling that some
point -      Well, well, the point is a minor one, and when you have Randall you
rope -      the rope--each in turn was minutely examined and duly pondered. The
mortimer -      "I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
how -      as you suppose. How long has he been ill?"
wish -      up for dead. Oh, Mr. Holmes, I wish you would do as much for me. I'm
well -      "Well, it is just conceivable that a statesman might find himself in
steep -      steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke.
steps -      At half-past twelve we found ourselves upon the steps of Mrs.
baldwin -      pushing open the door of the newspaper office, Baldwin and his men
well -      "Well, if you will be so good, Watson."
how -      fell into talk about the ways of thieves, and how they could get rid
true -      offer seemed almost too good to be true. The gentleman, however,
home -      "We can talk it over more comfortably at home," said he. "I am not a
lady -      prospects. He lives with his widowed sister, Lady Beatrice Falder."
eye -      some coarseness of expression, some hardness, perhaps, of eye, some
turn -      summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in
how -      "'Arthur!' I screamed, 'you villain! you thief! How dare you touch
start -      when we were due to start.  In vain I searched among the groups of
well -      "Well, now, let us turn to this unfortunate German master. The boy
send -      patrolman last fall. You will send two good men, they will be taken
wish -      should wish to destroy them--in fact, he laughed at the idea. Their
brunton -      lead me to the truth concerning both the butler Brunton and the maid
sutherland -      Miss Sutherland to be so bound to Hosmer Angel, and so uncertain as
euston -      we were leaving for Euston."
sudden -      shoulder with a sudden burst of hilarity. "I am going out now. It is
street -      heard down the street. My skin went cold and my hair bristled at that
well -      "Oh, we shall soon clear up all that," said Bradstreet. "Well, I have
more -      a thousand feet or more, black, stern, and menacing, with long
how -      were. How many landsmen are there who would drink rum when they could
berkshire -      little good Berkshire beef would do him no harm."
read -      "See if you can read it, Watson," said he, with a smile.
gang -      his gang if I were you."
stand -      "Having first endangered it. Are you strong enough to stand?"
catch -      "We shall have to catch the Aurora, and she has a name for being a
street -      Kennington Lane they had edged away to the left through Bond Street
read -      now read to you. Neither address nor date is attached to it.
way -      was worthless and that we have no proof one way or the other. I told
mortimer -      on upon the moor," said Dr. Mortimer.
common -      "It's a common enough lash. But I don't know why it should be tied."
more -      day. Pray what more could I do? When I found the suit of clothes in
street -      Street, and so through Wigmore Street into Oxford Street. In a
tankerville -      Anglo-Indian, the Tankerville, the Bagatelle Card Club.
box -      the bottom of the box, but it contained nothing else.
town -      About half a mile from the town, standing in an old park famous for
county -      official named the County Delegate, living at Hobson's Patch farther
reach -      Church of St. Monica,' said I, 'and half a sovereign if you reach it
main -      speech which had been his main asset in his political career.
well -      "Well, at least I have got their identity. This so-called Blessington
well -      physical as well as mental, for over one eye rose a hideous,
lady -      maid of Lady Frances Carfax. Why she should have paid her this check
wish -      "I should wish to."
way -      just such a way, and nothing would be more trying to the temper."
quarter -      to be guarded, of course, in the old quarter as well as in that which
well -      "Well, Watson," said Holmes with a smile, "I said it was rather
wells -      "The wells are to the right, my brothers," said one, a hard-lipped,
how -      Peter Carey's evidence how these securities came on the market it
shawl -      see it. Side by side on the narrow shawl knelt the two wanderers, the
main -      itself. It is a scantily-furnished room. The main article is a large
way -      "Quite so. And rather to Jonathan's disgust, to judge by the way the
mark -      mark upon the murderer before he dropped it on the mat. But there was
merton -      to be locked up for twenty years. So is Sam Merton. What good are you
street -      at every subsequent street corner he took the utmost pains to assure
kennington -      Kennington Lane they had edged away to the left through Bond Street
moss -      stump among the moss where he had tossed it. It was an Indian cigar,
point -      mathematical master, was sure upon the point. Therefore, it is not
weeks -      "'Let it be so. Three weeks.'
sheet -      sheet after sheet of paper with figures and letters, so completely
city -      "Then put on your hat and come. I am going through the City first,
turn -      turn to him. But that morning, as it chanced, there was only this one
loan -      but they were let in early in the spring through the Venezuelan loan,
stair -      We had ascended the kitchen stair and entered the suite of rooms upon
hobson -      McMurdo. "He's in Hobson's Patch; but I don't know the house. I've
point -      "There is only one point on which I should like a little more
brunton -      had shut Brunton into what had become his sepulchre? Had she only
old -      "Good old Dr. Starr!" said our visitor. "His name is still honoured.
well -      "Well, there's no need for me to dwell on that part of it.  You know
turn -      lonesome, I used to turn out the lamp in the surgery, and then,
read -      never failed to read with care the various problems which came before
touch -      "It is only for the young lady's sake that I touch your case at all,"
hayes -      Fighting Cock to warn Hayes and give him the means of flight. I could
mark -      and, as you say, it bears every mark of having been written by the
wall -      Stangerson's window and flattened itself upon the wall within a foot
london -      in London while I examined Wisteria Lodge. Then I came into town,
way -      "Out of date and waste paper. The Admiralty in some way got the alarm
well -      "Well, that's enough," said McGinty, draining off his glass. "I came
angle -      which turned at a right angle at the farther end. Round this corner
milverton -      "It suits my purpose. Watson, I mean to burgle Milverton's house
friendly -      and intimate with Douglas, and he was no less friendly with his
gale -      The gale had blown itself out next day, but it was a bitter morning
way -      who endeavoured to force her way into the house after the bridal
white -      "A child would know Silver Blaze, with his white forehead and his
stamford -      Young Stamford looked rather strangely at me over his wine-glass.
downs -      And yet I live and keep bees upon the South Downs."
more -      have come out. Looked at more closely, I should certainly say that it
box -      the box before him. 'Let the high God judge between us. Choose and
well -      "Well, that is one suggestion, Mr. Holmes."
mortimer -      "It's devilish, Mr. Holmes, devilish!" cried Mortimer Tregennis. "It
strand -      almost running down the street in the direction of the Strand. This
london -      nearly all London. However, I guess your time is of value, and we did
how -      "'I will tell you how Morstan died,' he continued. 'He had suffered
london -      interesting little problems which the complex life of London so
hollows -      pronounced, the eyes shone more brightly out of darker hollows, and a
pocket -      it into his pocket as we advanced.
carey -      Peter Carey, the owner of this hut.
how -      yet consider, Sherlock, how much you leave untouched. We will
how -      "My dear Watson, if her poor old broken father cannot move her, how
point -      and, starting from that point, I have woven my net round him until
tiptoe -      it, and, standing on tiptoe with his neck craned, he looked into the
wish -      which you wish to consult me?"
how -      "But how come you into this matter, Miss Burnet?" asked Holmes. "How
home -      "Is Miss Cushing at home?" asked Holmes.
point -      "Perhaps we can clear the point up before we separate," said Holmes.
well -      "Well, not to make a mystery of so simple a matter, I was looking for
croydon -      Street, Croydon.' Done with a broad-pointed pen, probably a J, and
dollar -      by, and all was as bright as a new dollar. My God, whoever would have
more -      more, perhaps, for they get in the way of going there in the dry
began -      A vague feeling of uneasiness began to steal over me. Who were these
london -      we get London on to this case the better," said he. "White Mason is a
north -      "They had among their exhibits a very fine North African lion. Sahara
stand -      stand. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a narrow
walls -      and commotion which was going on inside. The walls of his chest
heads -      The two detectives shook their heads.
hole -      rabbit into its hole to develop his pictures. That is his main fault,
stair -      winding stair, with her ears ringing perhaps with the muffled screams
sound -      heard the sound of running feet and the shouting of two voices, one
lane -      have dropped Miss Morstan I wish you to go on to No. 3 Pinchin Lane,
street -      is not the gritty, grey dust of the street but the fluffy brown dust
lee -      "And who bought the mines of Todman and of Lee that came into the
water -      Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no
well -      "Well, it's possible. But I should not think he knew him. He is just
weeks -      established these relations with the girl--some weeks, at any
well -      "Well, you've done it!" he cried at last. "I had read of you, but I
reach -      until at last it came within reach of a man who tore its secret out
friendly -      to be friendly to all men. Anyone could pick him at once as
prescott -      may take it that Prescott, the American criminal, used to live in the
reading -      "It was perfectly obvious to me, on reading the ritual, that the
acton -      Acton business has put every one on their guard. The robber must have
boot -      He struck a match on his boot and held it up against the wall.
brook -      shall be surprised if we do not hear something further from Brook
den -      leave him in this den for three days."
tone -      one can tone down to it, but I feel a bit out of the picture at
london -      his departure for London. He then, by a specious argument, prevented
read -      I picked up the paper which he had thrown back to me and read the
oval -      oval seal is undoubtedly a plain sleeve-link--what else is of such a
more -      Yet we added one more sheaf to our harvest before we left Woolwich
barney -      "We had a bit of barney right away, and I should have walked back to
town -      of doors since his return from town at five o'clock. On the other
rocks -      intended to bathe lay between him and them, lapping up to the rocks.
dartmoor -      wire to Dartmoor yesterday to clear the matter up. The boy locked the
town -      stranger in the town. I belong to a society that I know only as an
how -      "How did you know the publisher's had not reached him?"
lodge -      for it, same as you or McGinty. If the lodge will think none the
rooms -      our rooms which impressed me with the feeling that tragedy might
london -      paid her bill and her ticket. Once in London, she gave us the slip,
middle -      army. There is no middle way. Which is it to be, death or life? We
sound -      clanging sound, as if a mass of metal had fallen. As I ran down the
coast -      coast we should make for. It was a nice question, for the Cape de
began -      I took a step forward. In an instant his strange headgear began to
bank -      I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on
white -      endeavoured to defend with his arms. His white hair was dabbled with
well -      something very extraordinary. Well, now, to continue our
avenue -      lime-lined avenue leading up to it. There was excellent wild-duck
london -      London Bridge, which would be his route to Woolwich."
moor -      yonder? We are very rich in orchids on the moor, though, of course,
wood -      Somebody's initials, maybe. What have you got there, Dr. Wood?"
more -      that his memory is much more reliable than I had thought. By the way,
shinwell -      "This is Miss Kitty Winter," said Shinwell Johnson, waving his fat
derby -      probability, that I am running a dark horse for the Derby and that
harker -      paper showed that Mr. Horace Harker had got his account into print
berkeley -      five a cab deposited us outside 104 Berkeley Square, where the old
bare -      was draped in ivy, with a patch clipped bare here and there where a
street -      good start in learning what he was doing in Pitt Street last night,
how -      "'Precisely. Consider what the Ritual says: How does it run? "Whose
read -      would be true to say that those who first read of him, as young men,
city -      Disguised, and under an assumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City,
more -      "I can take more than that," said he.
old -      her old address.
green -      botanical specimens hung over his shoulder and he carried a green
milverton -      had opened his campaign against Charles Augustus Milverton; but I
bridge -      London Bridge. There was someone in the carriage, for example, with
countess -      Countess, deposed to having heard Ryder's cry of dismay on
well -      "Well, they found nothing valuable downstairs, so they tried their
old -      The least appearance of opposition struck fire out of the old
box -      "Someone may have shaken the box and displaced it."
worth -      anything in the drawers. If there had been anything worth her taking
old -      an Army pensioner--an old Crimean man of excellent character. He does
station -      Waterloo Station as hard as I could go. I whipped up the mare and we
grange -      "To give me a true account of all that happened at the Abbey Grange
more -      me rather more lax than befits a medical man. But with me there is a
old -      are old school-fellows, as you must have much to talk over. Mr.
way -      way along a path which had been worn across the fields by the feet of
dull -      it and turned her dull eyes upon us I saw that her pupils were dark
way -      jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court
lady -      The lady gave a violent start and stared in bewilderment at my
london -      famous London specialist.
street -      Watson, 221b, Baker Street, between eight and nine this evening."
stand -      of it. It was enough to make a man eat his heart out to have to stand
ross -      "He has been in your service some years, Colonel Ross?"
way -      your handwriting, and had no other way of doing it?"
london -      many hundreds of statues of the great Emperor must exist in London,
old -      easy-going old Irishwoman who left them to themselves; so that they
southampton -      Southampton the day after their flight, and he is now the holder of a
more -      Blackwall we could not have been more than two hundred and fifty. I
west -      which, he said, had been committed in the West End, and he appeared,
church -      spaniel, and we carried the body to the crypt of the church. There
hill -      hill, was the house of the Stapletons. All was sweet and mellow and
well -      "Well, then," said Holmes, with a mischievous twinkle, "I suppose
douglas -      of the corner in which he had appeared. Mrs. Douglas turned, and in
stapleton -      "Excellent!" said Stapleton. "You are perfectly right to be wary and
river -      satisfaction as we overhauled a river steamer and left her behind us.
well -      carriage and well started upon our journey to Birmingham that I was
well -      set of vices when I'm well, but those are the principal ones at
way -      we were on our way. I have a check for five hundred pounds which
glass -      the last glass, would it not? Yes, I am convinced that this is so.
beckenham -      half past before the four of us alighted on the Beckenham platform.
box -      cabin. All the baggage we took off with him was one tin box. So far
county -      "And what the errand is even a county constable could guess. But not
moulton -      Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton. The lady, I think, you have already
toller -      Toller, for that is his name, is a rough, uncouth man, with grizzled
wood -      third bullet, which has clearly, from the splintering of the wood,
lady -      for something. If it is not for your embrace, my lady, then it shall
well -      suppose, and played me for a sucker from the first. Well, sir, I hand
rose -      mullioned windows, and from the high chimneys which rose from the
london -      "Did you hear from Mr. Staunton in London?"
way -      city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking
well -      message which might well drive old Trevor to despair.
grey -      the grey walls. The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however,
crew -      taking possession of the ship. The crew were a set of ruffians,
street -      We passed across Holborn, down Endell Street, and so through a zigzag
hope -      then? He would eagerly look out for the evening papers in the hope of
lady -      forgotten the warnings of the lady, even though I disregarded them,
coat -      coat front with a large, red silk handkerchief.
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes?" said he.
london -      to follow them. When I got to London my pocket was about empty, and I
green -      green of the woods. Far away, a black dot, we could see a vehicle
lady -      Lady Eva. Has she empowered you to accept my terms?"
middle -      you incommoded me; by the middle of February I was seriously
midway -      were to meet at the pool midway between our houses to talk it over.
white -      mantelpiece of imitation white marble. On one corner of this was
more -      and trying to find some possible explanation. The more I thought, the
wilson -      "My dear fellow, you exaggerate. I have some recollection, Wilson,
charles -      sir, we were both very much attached to Sir Charles, and his death
read -      "The first business on the agenda paper," said McGinty, "is to read
salt -      John Ferrier went in to Salt Lake City, and having found his
friendly -      friendly with the brothers. There was a family quarrel about money
prospect -      captivating prospect. Will you be at home this evening? I suppose
maud -      to Maud were insulting. Yes, sir, the word 'marriage' was never
way -      each dot charged as it were with a red-hot needle making its way
countess -      "Not the Countess of Morcar's blue carbuncle!" I ejaculated.
van -      reminds me of the circumstances attendant on the death of Van Jansen,
scotland -      "Why, Gregson!" said my companion as he shook hands with the Scotland
wish -      biographer, could wish. The small matter which I have chronicled
lead -      my lines of thought lead me back invariably to the one basic
carlton -      Address: Carlton House Terrace; Holdernesse Hall, Hallamshire;
lady -      the bereaved mother. The old lady was too dazed with grief to be of
village -      White Mason gazed at my friend as the little village practitioner
wall -      against the sloping wall. "This is a trap-door which leads out on to
valley -      even more depressing. Down that long valley there was at least a
more -      "I wrote my articles and thought little more of the matter until,
well -      "Well, in the Diogenes Club, for example."
reading -      but it should make my next report interesting reading.
laid -      McMurdo had laid down the paper, and was lighting his pipe with a
lady -      the church but not where the lady lived."
lady -      will not be wanting if the lady is willing, for I have seldom seen a
touch -      touch of brain-fever, and goes about the house now--or did until
dublin -      of boats call at Belfast, Dublin, and Waterford; so that, presuming
west -      two miles to the west, while across the moor, also about two miles
station -      his station? Your suggestion, sir, is a most absurd one."
mason -      "Ha! Would there be any objection, Mr. White Mason, to our going down
hope -      soothe him, though I can hardly hope that you will be able to explain
how -      knew so well how to employ.
mortimer -      "My friend Mortimer told me."
more -      hush this thing up, there must be no more of Hugh Boone."
lady -      generate. This lady is a musician."
hound -         The Hound of the Baskervilles
stand -      "Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross
wall -      the place in the wall where the treasure was hid. Major Sholto was to
well -      "Well, you seem to have cross-examined her pretty thoroughly. What
way -      and was back in Norbury by one o'clock. It happened that my way took
way -      The fellow looked at us in a helpless way, and he wrung his hands
hatherley -      carriage, and we set off for Hatherley Farm and the Boscombe Pool.
dull -      water and beds of decaying vegetation. The launch with a dull thud
way -      "By the way," said the landlord in conclusion, "you are not the only
white -      pale--never have I seen a man so white. I reckon ghosts may look like
how -      money, my son, and know how to handle it and spread it, you can do
south -      dead o' thirst and hunger away down in the south."
river -      like the smoke from a burning house.  The shaft into which the river
how -      to indicate how they were interrupted by gaspings for breath and
bold -      The letter which he handed to me, written in a bold, masterful hand,
oath -      the naked knife, and by the threefold oath which no Sikh was ever
way -      day. It was a curious way of managing it, but, really, it would be
douglas -      "You'll have it, sir," said Douglas. "May I smoke as I talk? Well,
spring -      of the hound. I was in time to see the beast spring upon its victim,
lombard -      stock-broking firm in Lombard Street. I dare say E. C. is not much in
london -      done, upon the moor? I said it in London, Watson, and I say it again
way -      "And in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of
america -      Central America. At the end of that time there was a universal rising
pocket -      "We had a license for the marriage. I have it here in my pocket."
street -      on either side of a cheery fire in the old room at Baker Street. A
way -      slip away by night and come back no more. But in some way you have
pocket -      "'I have his letters to me in my pocket.'
hill -      hastening in the direction of the fire. The road topped a low hill,
hobson -      Hobson's Patch, and that's here where we are drawing up. But, say,
charles -      the door of the Foreign Office in Charles Street at quarter to ten in
scott -      Scott's heroes still may strut, Dickens's delightful Cockneys still
more -      that a fortune for one man that was more than he needed should not be
stones -      word to me. I could hear the wooden leg clackin' on the stones."
east -      "'North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and
well -      "Well, well," said Holmes, good-humouredly. "We all learn by
how -      "Well, how do you explain it?"
worth -      over in my mind, and I can see only one way out of it. It is worth
sudden -      sudden exclamation from Holmes, who dashed at a cupboard, from which
hampstead -      out Hampstead way, 17 Potter's Terrace. Well, I was sitting doing a
how -      "How do you know it was from the father?"
mark -      unusual mark--a branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's
how -      in that report which you were writing, and they will understand how
white -      kettle upon the stove rose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white
street -      down the street.
crossroads -      at the crossroads which is beyond its boundary. Here three men were
east -      The east had been gradually whitening, and we could now see some
london -      to London again!"
worth -      comes upon you. Surely the game is hardly worth the candle. Why
well -      "Well, I understand that they get five pounds if they can give
moor -      "Yes, sir; there is another man upon the moor."
lady -      lady? There it is in a nutshell. If you have not, you are not fitted
esher -      his house, Wisteria Lodge, between Esher and Oxshott. Yesterday
newmarket -      money-lender, on Newmarket Heath. He nearly killed the man."
bohemia -      Bohemia, and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were beaten by
high -      high chimneys and the flag-staff which marked the squire's dwelling.
rock -      moment the convict screamed out a curse at us and hurled a rock which
lady -      of the bridegroom), and Lady Alicia Whittington. The whole party
lady -      delay in registering the lady's decease, the lucky owner got away
lady -      stress upon this when a lady is in most desperate need of his help?"
more -      more freely than I ought. So alarming did the state of my finances
piece -      a piece of work for us both to-night which, if we can bring it to a
lancaster -      "James Lancaster."
gang -      principal members of his gang, will be in the hands of the police.
valley -      voman in this valley vat does not know it?"
hope -      designing persons--I hope you recognize yourself--would come to her
real -      real instant of the murder.
street -      superscription except Leadenhall Street, which is rather vague. The
real -      not many who had the real vivid flame-coloured tint. When I saw how
norfolk -      Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk.
tone -      "Spare no money," she said in a dead, even tone. "It is my desire
boot -      boot under the window curtain, and then I saw why plain enough.
well -      unturned to bring him safely back. As to money, well, so far as a
old -      About half a mile from the town, standing in an old park famous for
coat -      him and had drawn an envelope from the inside pocket of the coat
more -      all at the devil together. If you come pestering me any more with
laid -      rushed to the table, laid out all the slips of paper containing
home -      He lectures at eleven and should have an interval at home."
sudden -      with a sudden jerk.
city -      City in this fashion.
wall -      seemed to have emerged from the wall, who advanced now from the gloom
more -      against his will, to share my husband's anxieties. Once more I beg
reach -      window could reach the front doorstep by taking a long stride. This
white -      dart which had so narrowly missed us, she turned so white that I
well -      "Well, he asked me for anything outside the ordinary routine."
lover -      observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would
old -      avoiding the blow which hung over him. Yet the old man never wavered
touch -      diaphanous material, with a little touch of scarlet at the neck and
well -      "Well, down they came to the west country, there was no shaking them
glass -      him as he fell back into his chair. He raised his glass in his
lady -      you, for since the lady has come to herself she has given so clear an
moor -      would induce him to go out upon the moor at night. Incredible as it
well -      "Well, he was up in the loft at the time, so that I could not put it
old -      vain. His old associates were watched, but they kept clear of him.
more -      "I should like a few more facts before I get so far as a theory, Mr.
morland -      Morland, Court of Queen's Bench. It cost me 200 pounds, but I got my
hope -      me see you once more in the customary armchair. You have not, I hope,
salt -      becomes the due of those who have been true to their salt.
den -      scene well enough. You saw the horrible den upstairs, where the poor
well -      sinewy arm beneath it. "Well, you're not a spirit, anyhow," said I.
stapleton -      "But I can't forget them, Miss Stapleton," said I. "I am Sir Henry's
pocket -      Holmes half drew a revolver from his pocket. "This will have to serve
more -      that I have never in my life seen anything more clearly. As far as I
stone -      "That was where Mrs. Gibson's body lay. I marked it by that stone."
reach -      possible, so as to reach London in the afternoon."
moor -      A sheep-dog of the moor? Or a spectral hound, black, silent, and
stone -      present, and I then endeavored to raise the stone by pulling on the
shelf -      "Have you taken anything off this shelf, Hopkins?"
whitney -      through the gloom, I saw Whitney, pale, haggard, and unkempt, staring
acton -      Mr. Acton, and the Cunninghams. Of course, it instantly occurred to
van -      "I thought Van Seddar was going next week."
wood -      border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son,
height -      height, active as a squirrel, dexterous with his fingers; finally,
well -      greatest amazement. "Well, this fairly beats me!" he cried at last.
city -      Holmes, "London has become a singularly uninteresting city since the
home -      home I'll give them to brother Bob."
cairns -      you could not spare a thought to Patrick Cairns, the true murderer of
lady -      the crosspiece below. In releasing the lady the cord had been slipped
ridge -      left! On that side a ridge of rocks ended in a sheer cliff which
home -      "I must go home now, for dad is very ill, and he misses me so if I
stone -      and the pistol clinked upon the stone floor.
stone -      show me how to turn the stone into money. But how to get to him in
began -      articles had a pencil mark at the heading, and I naturally began to
steps -      steps until you arrive."
norwich -      "Because Inspector Martin from Norwich has just passed through. But
stripes -      You might have gained your sergeant's stripes last night. The man
overton -      Therefore I blessed this Mr. Overton, whoever he might be, since he
moor -      moor was to be found among the stone huts upon the hill-side. With
wig -      stout gentleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. They are all
point -      "You interest me exceedingly. Another point. Was the wicket-gate
link -      "Ah, yes--the so-called Porlock is a link in the chain some little
stone -      that the stone which covered it was just too heavy for a man to move
middle -      you say that the man was of middle size, dark, and bearded. What age
norwood -      "If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at
waterloo -      "By train from Waterloo."
point -      passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it
glass -      see something of where we were, but they were made of frosted glass,
thames -      done, and throw the treasure into the Thames rather than let it go to
church -      Church of St. Monica,' said I, 'and half a sovereign if you reach it
how -      What was it then, and how had it affected his fate?
more -      more their conversation was interrupted by the imperturbable Billy
how -      "That's how I feel myself about it now. I thank God that my plans did
how -      "But how do you know he'll be there when we return?"
turn -      fine turn of speed which had carried him round many an opposing back.
worcestershire -      "I am a Worcestershire man myself,--born near Pershore. I dare say
camberwell -      Camberwell. He was accompanied in his travels by his private
hope -      Jefferson Hope, and said that his cab was wanted by a gentleman at
village -      main street of Birlstone village; for he was a frequent and welcome
wood -      and by ribs all awry, but there was a time when Corporal Henry Wood
how -      night was very dark, so that I can hardly imagine how he could have
star -      "The Lone Star had arrived here last week. I went down to the Albert
box -      "Then hand me that little box from the mantelpiece."
hound -           The Hound of the Baskervilles
way -      the open window, endeavoured in every way to force the shutter open,
spring -      shrinking body I was about to spring out, when I felt Holmes's cold,
deal -      "'You have done a good deal of digging by your callosities.'
deal -      that I had no doubt that he could see a great deal which was hidden
city -      Saturday. Sergeant Tuson, of the City Police, was somewhat surprised,
lead -      "One moment," said Holmes. "Where does this path lead to?"
hope -      my time in the States and in Canada. But I hope that to lose one of
more -      uncle, however. He drank more than ever, and he was less inclined for
lead -      mate Scanlan not been at hand to lead him home, the feted hero would
edge -      Watson looked warily round the edge of the curtain.
lady -      villain attached himself to the lady, and with such effect that he
british -      12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.
white -      He had seized Ettie's white hand between his own strong brown ones.
tongue -      which it had been brought. With lolling tongue and blinking eyes,
start -      But our client seemed by no means eager to start.
hope -      "It all seems very unchanged, Billy. You don't change, either. I hope
box -      you to be careful. Bring the box back with you to the Baker Street
how -      behind, and yet was upon the left side. Now, how can that be unless
balmoral -      in a sitting some weeks before from Godfrey Milner and Lord Balmoral.
hole -      soft. In an instant Beppo, a skilful workman, made a small hole in
more -      much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposed. I must
guide -      This, then, might be the door. I could see no marks to guide me, but
old -      upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from
true -      true. De Merville is a broken man. The strong soldier has been
letters -      nearly full, a hypodermic syringe, several letters in a crabbed,
began -      o'clock it began to rain, and I met Harry Murcher--him who has the
stones -      and the thirty-six stones were the finest that I have ever seen. At
more -      what he'd say if he comes 'ome and found her without her ring is more
well -      "Well, it is certainly singular that he should run the risk of taking
cross -      this morning with her husband by the 5.15 train from Charing Cross
pocket -      my hand and the card of Dr. Hill Barton in my pocket, I set off on my
bridge -      "Yes, he had just returned from the bridge when I saw him. He had
eye -      disease, for his eye was bright, his step brisk, and his bearing
mason -      dead body was discovered by a plate-layer named Mason, just outside
how -      court. If she were seated on the chair when the crime was done, how
more -      Young Overton's face assumed the bothered look of the man who is more
lane -      maid hurrying back along the lane, but I did not stop to speak with
quick -      "Your hat and boots, Watson, quick! Not a moment to lose!" He rushed
british -      British Minister to Persia. Educated Eton and Oxford. Served in
quick -      "It is for his sake. You can serve him. Quick! Promise!"
seal -      "My own seal."
how -      "Oh, Jack, how brave you were! But it is no use, you must fly!
began -      read it, clapped both his hands to his head, and began running round
street -      The Black Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance
pocket -      Stanley Hopkins drew from his pocket a drab-covered note-book. The
petty -      all, that is nothing; petty larceny, six months at the most. It is
steps -      "You see!" said Athelney Jones, reappearing down the steps again.
london -      most urgent telegram was dispatched to you from London by Godfrey
shell -      was not my father with whom I lived. His outward shell was there, but
hope -      there was no gleam of hope. North, and east, and west he looked with
nowhere -      was drawn up on a suburban line, since nowhere save in the immediate
raise -      passed to raise the bar. Then with his lens he tested the hinges, but
bank -      matter, which I shall expect the bank to refund, but beyond that I am
well -      "Well, then, is it Bellamy and that big son of his? They were not too
woking -      pocket. There I remained until evening, when I set off for Woking
station -      Boone, as I have told you, was arrested and taken to the station, but
start -      them. At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was
scotland -      that it is being prosecuted by Mr. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard,
box -      box you would ask me to pull some out instead of putting others in."
tottenham -      Warren is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court
stream -      stream, and it was only by paying over all the money which I could
well -      "'Well, it's just like any other speculation, and safer than most.'
spring -      "Has the outer door a spring lock?"
settle -      enough to do to settle our own. I at once concluded that Straker was
close -      to you to make so very close a relation between the two incidents?
lane -      Again, Park Lane is a frequented thoroughfare, and there is a
catch -      catch even that passing glimpse of a tranquil English home in the
pool -      the Hatherley side of the pool the woods grew very thick, and there
london -      which removed a plague-spot from the East-End of London. Close on the
scotland -      he observed, as we drove to Scotland Yard.  "These men have got hold
more -      more to foment the bruise upon her mistress's brow.
york -      from his pocket. "Here is a photograph of the couple taken in York
old -      three people concerned, and the scene is a grand old manor house, the
more -      "I wrote two more articles and then, feeling more drowsy than ever, I
wish -      wide. Why should he wish to live at the place of danger?"
staunton -      Staunton at six-fifteen yesterday evening--a telegram which is
well -      "Well, sir?" said he.
more -      tinged my thoughts with sadness. Then on the top of these more or
london -      but I expect you will be too fast for a couple of middle-aged London
quick -      "Quick, Dr. Watson, quick, before he passes over the hill!"
deal -      a mask, covering a great deal which lay behind it. But apart from
well -      something or nothing. Well, Watson, I do not think that Woolwich can
more -      more who were among the leaders of the lodge. He rejoiced that they
sound -      No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes' face clouded
weeks -      "Nearly ten weeks ago--to be more accurate, on the twenty-third of
stout -      stout man with a very smiling face and a great heavy chin which
quick -      of us, and finally, with a woman's quick intuition, fastening upon my
old -      last arrived at Yoxley Old Place. A constable met us at the garden
more -      "You do me no more than justice, sir. Until this morning I have never
london -      dinner and then, Lestrade, we will take the London fog out of your
old -      is more than likely that Porlock took his message from the old one.
pocket -      little pocket lantern. "Yes," he reported, after a short examination
close -      good crowd round the booking-office, so I got quite close to them
hope -      erect, when my eye caught something which brought a gush of hope back
way -      of Hugh Boone, his lodger, and that he could not account in any way
lodge -      commissionaire remains all night in a little lodge at the foot of the
more -      nature of the device only served to make it more effective. Both of
ball -      "I see. Then at the gasfitters' ball you met, as I understand, a
douglas -      ring--Heaven only knows why, but so it must have been. Mr. Douglas
quarter -      to go to the Italian quarter with you to-morrow, and no harm will be
saints -      flight. Thence he could look down upon the home of the saints. Worn
how -      "They have to--else how can we get him?"
plump -      that plump lady blocking up the open door of her humble but retired
how -      thing, however: How came Selden, in the darkness, to know that the
read -      and I knew nothing more until I read of this horrible affair in the
how -      me, Mr. Holmes," she cried, "else how could you know all that?"
true -      "That's what I think," said he. "I know that every word is true, for
green -      deep green pool at the base of it. Perhaps in the depths of that
point -      that it is to his interest to be silent. From the police point of
latimer -      in England, had imprudently placed himself in the power of Latimer
how -      "How can it ever be at ease, Jack, when I know that you are a
pool -      near Boscombe Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to
well -      "Well, you nearly had a worse one, for I believe they are not far off
way -      urge her horse on in the hopes of pushing her way through the
wish -      "Or it may be that they wish, for their own purposes, to scare me
height -      unusual height he was the most worth watching of the three.
hound -      but a staunch hound on a scent. Well, Pompey, you may not be fast,
more -      "One more question. How did your mother take the matter?"
well -      expert at. Well, away we rattled, and never drew rein until we
old -      Meanwhile, the funeral may proceed, and the poor old woman who still
victoria -      you, however, and that is what has brought Moriarty to Victoria.  You
home -      "He will be home, sir, at a quarter to one."
sound -      Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement. One great
point -      "Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age.
old -      ancient culture and comfort, lies this old home, surrounded by a high
more -      Holmes, but I don't know that I ever knew a more workmanlike one than
copenhagen -      noticed a "Copenhagen" label upon each of their trunks, showing that
water -      a long, deep, reed-girt sheet of water. Thor Mere it is called. In
began -      and who began these negotiations has been forced to return to the
pocket -      lens in his pocket. "Hullo! Here is something interesting!"
pocket -      Sherlock Holmes took a folded paper from his pocket and flattened it
old -      really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with
well -      and I prospered well. The word had gone round that I was a Freeman,
read -      night--the night that I read his terror--I put my arms round him and
way -      were on our way to London, but not before he had given our benefactor
river -      work, and used every means at my disposal. The whole river has been
mortimer -      "The killing of Mortimer Tregennis," said Holmes.
america -      life in America, and this shotgun seems to be an American weapon, it
cambridge -      in Cambridge will certainly be wasted.
london -      of the most dangerous men in London, and that I think there are
stand -      her, for she has gone through all that flesh and blood will stand."
east -      but I would not have you waste your energies in East Ham or
edge -      edge of the moon, but its peak bore no trace of that silent and
deal -      "Theories are all very well, but we have to deal with a hard-headed
more -      "Well, it is quite evident that there are two men--more, perhaps, but
more -      "No, I do not think so. I think that there was probably some more
wish -      wish to lay your hands."
how -      between us. That will just show you how fond he was of me, Mr.
how -      your seat and let me know how I can serve you."
read -      could read all that in the dust; and I could read that as he walked
crew -      jail-birds, she carried twenty-six of a crew, eighteen soldiers, a
well -      "As to the stick, Mr. Holmes, you know as well as I do that a
more -      more about his record and character.
old -      is good to see you in your old quarters once again. You come at a
white -      he turned upon his heel, and I saw his curved back and white
douglas -      and intimate with Douglas, and he was no less friendly with his
abbey -      "To give me a true account of all that happened at the Abbey Grange
old -      and lovingly over the record of old cases, mixed with the accumulated
weeks -      the time the matter ended. When a few weeks later it was reported in
london -      sinking into the chair. "The greatest counterfeiter London ever saw.
more -      to bring back a more favourable report to you before evening."
high -      velvet chairs, a high white marble mantel-piece, and what seemed to
frame -      bit and gild and frame, and do odd jobs. The fellow left me last
weeks -      have had some weeks of severe work, and for one evening, I think, we
cross -      "Post Office, Charing Cross."
wing -      room in the farther wing of the house, the windows of which we had
how -      "But how can we do it?" I asked.
town -      "I had gone up to town about an investment, and I met him in Regent
point -      point which I wish to discuss with you," said he. "You feared, as I
steps -      opened, and led down a flight of winding stone steps, which
more -      "This was an unexpected piece of luck. My data were coming more
grey -      it." As he spoke he unwrapped the grey shawl and extricated a pretty
way -      "I can see no other way out of it. And yet I would have trusted him
hamlet -      and spending the night at the hamlet of Rosenlaui.  We had strict
cheap -      here, and asked me to pick up a good man cheap. A young, pushing man
gravel -      to the scientific expert. That gravel page upon which I might have
dull -      bank. But there are always some lunatics about. It would be a dull
guide -      Our guide had left us the lantern. Holmes swung it slowly round, and
sunset -      sunset, however, their efforts were at last successful, and they
street -      At three o'clock precisely I was at Baker Street, but Holmes had not
home -      to gain.' He bowed me out of the room and I went home with my
frost -      frost for a long time. I had been taking three pounds a week at
quarter -      quarter, find the man whose photograph we have got, and arrest him on
street -      myself overdue, I went down with him into the street. A brougham was
stream -      that his eyes were fixed intently upon the stream of passers-by. It
stone -      "I've fooled better men than he," the Count answered. "The stone is
mason -      White Mason gazed at my friend as the little village practitioner
box -      "It lay where he had dropped it when he was first attacked. The box
more -      sight of those awesome plains, and to find themselves once more upon
more -      more formidable person for whom we must seek."
well -      "Well, then," she cried, "why will you not show me the letter?"
more -      something more powerful than himself--something which could control
prendergast -      "'It seemed that after we had left, Prendergast and his gang had
river -      "I am off down the river, Watson," said he. "I have been turning it
more -      even more depressing. Down that long valley there was at least a
more -      "Well, I'll let you know what I think when I have seen more," said
well -      "Well, we carried him in, Abdullah, Akbar, and I. A fine weight he
cliff -      and the shadow of the great cliff lay black across the water, which
white -      His broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his white tie, his
more -      against the great danger of taking more than two drops of castor oil,
well -      blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha! Well,
nab -      "Let us get to the open window. We will nab him as he climbs out,"
america -      his life in America.
more -      after the secretary Stangerson, who had no more to do with the crime
county -      the purely agricultural county of Merton. It was a single-track
tor -      I found the black tor upon which I had seen the solitary watcher, and
real -      "You knew that I was after you for that. The real reason why you are
home -      home, having abandoned the hopeless chase. The moon was low upon the
send -      alone. I promised her on my word that I would send him home in a cab
hope -      who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of
street -      A minute later we were in the street and walking for home. We had
reach -      and futile? Is not his story a microcosm of the whole? We reach. We
eye -      is for your private eye. Wire me what train in the morning you can
street -      Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street."
bulk -      quickly as his great bulk would permit.
hilton -      fills me with hopes. Now, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, please continue your
dawn -      the dark until dawn had broken. The doctor said Brenda must have been
pool -      "From Hatherley Farm-house to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a
way -      "'Which way did the woman go?' I cried.
town -      the whole straggling, grimy town, but of the winding valley beneath,
hill -      Hill hooligan, "I am not very clear yet who you are or what you are;
woking -      he would travel down to Woking by the eleven-o'clock train, and I
white -      "Ha! Would there be any objection, Mr. White Mason, to our going down
douglas -      signs of apprehension in Mr. Douglas: on the contrary, he was the
hampshire -      Winchester that day we went down to Thor Place, the Hampshire estate
turn -      advice and turn in."
angle -      a small angle in the wall. Here it is that this creature takes his
wheel -      hoofs and the long grind of a wheel as it rasped against the kerb.
well -      "Well, dear, it's not so bad as you think. We are but poor men that
well -      and all is well."
wall -      inscription on the wall, all pointed to its perpetration by political
how -      that my appearance was satisfactory. No one knows how these things
well -      "'Well, that's true enough,' said he. 'You know, Victor,' turning to
sound -      natural to him when his affairs were going awry. The sound of
porlock -      That you get from the warning received through the man Porlock. Can
bury -      the last. The could bury her with no sign of how she met her end, and
began -      "He began pouring out the story of his grievances. We walked down the
british -      official, "I don't know what your British point of view may be, but I
brigham -      forever you are of our religion. Brigham Young has said it, and he
america -      could save enough to take me back to America. I was standing in the
glass -      glass beside me here, and I'll put my lips to it if I am dry.
swan -      Please be at the Black Swan Hotel at Winchester at midday to-morrow
read -      movements. He would fear that the police would read his secret, and
true -      But if I have hit upon the true explanation of this one small
law -      to keep within the four corners of the law. You can drive off, cabby.
scott -      Mr. Scott Eccles had fidgeted in his seat during this conversation.
well -      adventure of the man with the twisted lip. Well, I have no doubt that
orchard -      surrounded the stunted orchard. Creeping in its shadow I reached a
more -      Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a
close -      autumn was far advanced and the vacation drawing to a close, I
how -      "You make too much of a trifle," said I. "May I ask how you knew who
wall -      wall. It was evident to me that he was becoming uneasy and that his
dartmoor -      to Dartmoor in the hope of getting some information about the King's
stone -                The Adventure Of The Mazarin Stone
well -      "Well, I am an honest man, though not a very rich one. I only gave
quarter -      "From Hatherley Farm-house to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a
hound -                The Hound of the Baskervilles
read -      hatred in their eyes. He read the relentless threat.
well -      "Well, I'm bound to say I've always found you had reason behind all
success -      bar. Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success.
high -      and began to sob in a high treble key.
way -      "This is a very obvious way of limiting our field of operations,"
letters -      what I had been doing, and whom my letters were from, and what I had
way -      struggled. They pushed her into the carriage. She fought her way out
pocket -      McMurdo took half a dozen from his pocket. "Those never passed the
locking -      "'What do you think of Lucy Ferrier now?' I cried, locking the door,
chase -      Stapleton had abandoned the chase and came back to us breathing hard
steps -      distinction is clear. For example, you have frequently seen the steps
cornwall -      events which caused the utmost excitement not only in Cornwall but
street -      bearded ruffian who had attacked me in the street. He started when he
how -      quite understand how you can be so sure."
more -      reason to believe that the matter promises to be even more complex
heath -      he was on Hampstead Heath; so he took a bus home, and there he lies
van -      van. That is quite cleared up now--though, indeed, it was obvious
stone -      waterproof lay upon that very stone slab upon which Neolithic man had
station -      station in life, and disgrace would kill me. My blood will be on your
edge -      creosote. You can see the outline of the edge of his small foot here
cambridge -      "Could he have got back to Cambridge?"
loose -      over with loose bricks. This done, we all went back to the treasure.
guards -      railway guards, and lie on my face with a lens to my eye--it is not
way -      Monday morning found us on our way to the famous university town--an
how -      himself who had fastened the door. But how did he come by his death?
manor -      Three centuries had flowed past the old Manor House, centuries of
stone -      him. "Does he know about the stone?"
clink -      the clink of our horse's feet."
well -      hand. Of course, it must be a mere chance about the glasses. Well,
how -      "How was that?"
laid -      serious. It is thought that Flora decoyed my wife out and laid some
raise -      but he still refused to raise his eyes. It was as well for his
priory -      the Priory School", "The Adventure of the Golden Pince-Nez" and "The
idle -      had, therefore, paid off certain drunken and idle employees who were
home -      home the whole of Monday evening after office hours, and his key has
catch -      wanted if possible to catch it.
charles -      Sir Charles was about to leave the Hall on the advice of Dr.
middle -      "Was there a fellow about thirty, black-bearded, dark, of middle
edge -      down near the water's edge at Lambeth. The third house on the
southerton -      round are part of Lord Southerton's preserves. A clump of copper
start -      room he gave a start of surprise.  Looking over his shoulder, I was
well -      "Well, they did not take much--only half-a-dozen articles of plate
how -      "How did he come?"
street -      221b, Baker Street, of which he had spoken at our meeting. They
white -      welcome us. White Mason was a quiet, comfortable-looking person in a
well -      out Hampstead way, 17 Potter's Terrace. Well, I was sitting doing a
victoria -      "Ha! In Victoria! That is important."
more -      not gone more than 150 yards, however, when I heard a hideous outcry
white -      white, same as in the note, Mr. Holmes. Henderson he called himself,
wigmore -      Street, and so through Wigmore Street into Oxford Street. In a
high -      of our companion Thaddeus. There was the same high, shining head, the
home -      consumptive tutor upon the voyage home, and that he had used this
home -      can't take her word for it she knows how to bring it home to him."
coat -      regain them." He rose and seized his astrachan coat.
way -      way as Lord Saltire's. His bed had also been slept in; but he had
well -      gold as his, but they looked as well and were cheaper to make. This
wall -      erected against the end wall, and the stone-work had been broken
cambridge -      telegram that we are now upon our way to Cambridge. The path of our
deal -      society, but a deal of good.
battle -      battle of Maiwand. There I was struck on the shoulder by a Jezail
glass -      Thank you, if I might have a glass of milk and a biscuit I have no
way -      of importance in town, and the account of it ran in this way:
read -      "Read it up--you really should. There is nothing new under the sun.
street -      started off down the street. The next morning we heard of Mr.
well -      may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more. Let us walk
willoughby -      delirium. He believes that Willoughby Smith had not an enemy in the
wood -      power? Was it a chance that the wood had slipped, and that the stone
douglas -      speaking to Mrs. Douglas for one instant?"
bank -      treasurer as to our bank balance. There is the pension to Jim
water -      a cigar, and the doctor has a prescription containing hot water and a
more -      "That will do. I have as much more to add to it. We must push for
gang -      that the gang of roughs who assaulted me had carried off both my hat
more -      more since I saw you last. Here you are in your house, and me still
more -      that they were free once more. I remember that I thought to myself,
mark -      am mistaken, next Tuesday may mark a crisis. Certainly we shall be in
laid -      money. He took a large villa, laid out the grounds very nicely, and
coventry -      my father Joseph. My father had a small factory at Coventry, which he
well -      "Well, what happened?"
sudden -      the steel poker and, with a sudden effort, straightened it out again.
more -      could explain them was more than I could bear. I had an interview
hole -      frozen over, but a single hole was left for the convenience of a
london -      "I'm easy to find," said the young woman. "Hell, London, gets me
jump -      down. I clambered out upon the sill, but I hesitated to jump until I
bold -      bold face before Lestrade, but, upon my soul, I believe that for once
lee -      Lee."
lady -      untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given. It is
more -      plainer and more commonplace one lay ready to his hand. Yet, on the
well -      but he still refused to raise his eyes. It was as well for his
stapleton -      Stapleton, a mutual friend who was much concerned at his state of
brougham -      It was ten o'clock before we reached Baker Street again. A brougham
coventry -      "He is in the Midland Electrical Company, at Coventry."
stair -      "No sir; it is impossible. Before I got down the stair I'd have seen
gravesend -      far as Gravesend, and then if there was much doin' there he might ha'
station -      Holmes as we made our way to the station. "Well, Watson, we have come
walls -      glossiest of curtains and tapestries draped the walls, looped back
douglas -      At that time Mr. Douglas entered the room. It was a short interview,
well -      "Dear me! Well, it is certainly a most curious little problem. I may
border -      under the circumstances, seemed to me to border upon affectation, he
more -      accounts more than an adventure with him. He was not a society
quarter -      "A good quarter of a mile."
letters -      letters were addressed here."
market -      children came with me. I started a dry goods store on Market Square,
scotland -      Inspector Gregson of Scotland Yard, an energetic, gallant, and,
university -      Russia, a University--I will not name the place."
letters -      "Have you the dates of those letters?"
farnham -      caught the 9.13. At Farnham Station I had no difficulty in being
avenue -      referred, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yards from the
more -      friend could be more loyal than I!"
bonds -      us. In a minute we had torn off the gag, unswathed the bonds, and
rocks -      rocks. These are the sole dwellers in the wilderness.
how -      "'Really, I hardly know how to express my gratitude, Mr. Pinner,'
more -      use the word 'they.' You think that more than one was concerned?"
grey -      and when I looked up at him I found his keen grey eyes fixed upon me
liverpool -      inquiry is still going on in Liverpool, or wherever else that red
van -      "In the van of the gipsies who camped on the moor. They left on
charles -      "Ten years with Sir Charles Chandos--as solid as a rock. He has been
well -      "Well, sir, it was immediately after that our own trouble came to us.
beam -      dark-lantern with the shutter half open, throwing a brilliant beam of
high -      through deep lanes worn by centuries of wheels, high banks on either
guide -      guide knocked with a peculiar postman-like rat-tat.
stand -      some of our ways; but she couldn't stand the business, and she had a
lady -      "I fail to see that anyone is to blame. I can hardly see how the lady
old -      4th. Hudson came. Same old platform.
newton -      1. Mr. Heath Newton's The Negro. Red cap. Cinnamon jacket.
turn -      key turn once more and he passed me and re-entered the house. I saw
how -      "'How has all gone with you Musgrave?' I asked, after we had
old -      which has sucked the blood out of both of them, I fancy. Old Acton
brixton -      "'16 Ivy Lane, Brixton,' he answered. 'But don't let yourself be
london -      London. He could not tell which contained his treasure. Only by
old -      "Hardly enough, Mr. Holmes!" the old man cried in a high screaming
hope -      "I hope so, Mr. Holmes. That is my one object. Does Dr. Watson know
more -      remarked more than once since I have been in the room that you had
hammer -      "Well, I first had the hammer examined. There was Dr. Wood there to
box -      date there has always appeared a similar box, containing a similar
how -      Holmes?" he asked. "How did you know, for example, that I did manual
staunton -      me to read upon the counterfoil of Staunton's urgent message. He
how -      "Yes, to verify how far bruises may be produced after death. I saw
street -      the long street. Many people were moving to and fro, most of them
more -      you gentlemen know a great deal more than I do about my own affairs."
height -      all clear at a glance. There were his height and hair and figure,
read -      the top of the page. You can read it yourself."
dowry -      "A fair dowry. Not more than is usual in my family."
point -      the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way
devonshire -      "The Stapletons then went down to Devonshire, whither they were soon
more -      Mortimer, with more practical sense than I should have given him
worth -      "If my friend would undertake it there is no man who is better worth
north -      the ore. Now the richer fields of the North have absorbed the trade,
hope -      "I hope that you will come also. They are very hospitable people, and
mark -      with the broad metal heel, and beside it is the mark of the
tarlton -      "Now I will give you the evidence of Susan Tarlton, who is the only
wish -      "And I wish to God I had not!" said Mrs. Merrilow.
lady -      of the bill showed that there was a lady in the case, and one who had
edmonton -      track by entering a lodging-house in Edmonton Street and leaving by
college -      "You are aware, Mr. Holmes, that our college doors are double--a
close -      sorrow comes close upon the heels of another. My niece, Mary, has
college -      window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college. A
river -      "Smith says she is one of the fastest launches on the river, and that
princetown -      communicate to the Princetown people where they should look for their
lady -      the glasses are concave and of unusual strength. A lady whose vision
city -      City. If the case has had no other effect, it, at least, brings out
how -      "One more question. How did your mother take the matter?"
porlock -      "Ah, yes--the so-called Porlock is a link in the chain some little
staunton -      "There is Arthur H. Staunton, the rising young forger," said he, "and
stanley -      "Stanley Hopkins."
stapleton -      Stapleton himself seems to have been capable of jealousy, and when he
old -      of lawn with an old sundial in the middle, the whole effect so
quick -      "Yes, I was always quick of speech."
bridge -      "There was some sign of violence on the stonework of the bridge--a
well -      "It's as well," said the old man; "it's a question whether I shall
way -      Perhaps you would kindly step this way, Dr. Leon Sterndale. We have
row -      drive as far as Church Row. It is a quarter of an hour's walk from
sudden -      I was relieved at this sudden descent from the general to the
scotland -      It was no very unusual thing for Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, to
station -      landlady upon Tuesday, the 4th inst., and departed to Euston Station
way -      "'This way, sir!' said he in a low voice. He walked in silence to the
sound -      heard the sound of voices from above. On entering his room I found
carey -      Black Peter Carey had made for himself, and it was with a sense of
wood -      steel harpoon had been driven, and it had sunk deep into the wood of
well -      "Well, Mr. Mac, it is very good and very clear so far as it goes.
bank -      left the island. He stood on the bank with his back to me, and his
point -      easily have been erroneous. How could I settle the point forever?
court -      last of these, at Folkestone Court, in May, was remarkable for the
street -      this Joseph Harrison entered the office through the Charles Street
how -      "Then perhaps, Mr. Holmes, you will be good enough to explain how it
old -      clad in seafaring garb, with an old pea-jacket buttoned up to his
hilton -      letter from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt. Don't tell me that she is in this?
more -      "No, no, it was more than that, Jack." Then a sudden suspicion seized
central -      "There is a central heating furnace in the cellar under Lady
mark -      "'I say a night's work, but an hour's would be nearer the mark. I
read -      to read it aloud."
pool -      deep green pool at the base of it. Perhaps in the depths of that
hope -      hope, and that he wished to make a last communication to us.
white -      give us a lead, since you say Mr. White Mason's theory is
more -      "They are not very hard to deceive," he remarked. "A more docile,
wall -      breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees,
began -      The mark which he was examining began upon the brass work on the
began -      each factor would affect the other. They began by using him as a
station -      of some use at the station.
sound -      heard the sound of the gun; so they gave the alarm exactly as they
hope -      "Is that you, Mr. Smith?" Holmes whispered. "I hardly dared hope that
glass -      faces the road and opens by a large glass folding-door on to the
tongue -      likely, for you know that my heart is weak, by lying with my tongue
raw -      "Damp and raw."
village -      inglenook of the old village inn he talked slowly and at random about
old -      "'There were three sisters altogether. The old one was just a good
way -      in some way failed her. What could the poor devil have done to help
more -      Meanwhile, we shall put the case aside until more accurate data are
rooms -      rooms, and Mrs. King had rushed in to Saunders. Together they had
weeks -      "'Mr. Drebber has been with us nearly three weeks. He and his
crewe -      was killed eight years ago in a railway accident near Crewe. Dr.
sandy -      sickly color, and his thin, sandy hair seemed to bristle up with the
sudden -      supposition that the thief has had a sudden illness--"
northumberland -      Northumberland Hotel. His wife had some inkling of his plans; but she
stones -      it, for the metal was almost black and the stones lustreless and
lady -      the threads of this affair all in my hand. Even if this lady should
glass -      glass, the barometer, and the bright stair-rods. It was soothing to
well -      might have been well with him. Perhaps it was thoughtless of me to
start -      notes made at the time. I start then from the day which succeeded
street -      of a man fresh from the fogs of Baker Street.
cross -      could not bear to risk that such a thought should cross her mind.
van -      men in it. They descended, took something out of the van, and carried
way -      force your way into that cottage, all is over between us.'
way -      crossed Oxford Street and were half way down Harley Street before I
steps -      upon one of the bottom steps of the stairs. "A gold watch, No. 97163,
began -      "There was a quarrel between you. He left you in a rage, and began to
hope -      premeditated also. I hope, therefore, that we are in the presence of
how -      I turned over the paper. "This never came by post. How did you get
bow -      portfolio have been added to His Last Bow so as to complete the
court -      started off for Pope's Court.
bare -      can read that text over the fire.  The bare sight of me was like a
well -      "Well, I have no connection with any other people who have been
wood -      wooden rails had been cracked. A small fragment of the wood was
hound -      difficulties as the other. And always, apart from the hound, there is
sutherland -      "And Miss Sutherland?"
america -      Douglas in America and had there lived on intimate terms with him. He
well -      smoked for some time in silence.  I was well aware that nothing but
gang -      "Why, I seem to have read of the Scowrers in Chicago. A gang of
keeping -      takes the obvious course of keeping her at home and forbidding her to
banks -      through deep lanes worn by centuries of wheels, high banks on either
old -      every time. Same address for Porky Shinwell. We're old mates, Porky,
hound -      baying of a hound, and then a scream of agony, with a horrible
marshes -      melancholy Plumstead Marshes upon the other. At our hail the man in
south -      "South American," I hazarded.
appledore -      Appledore, 1888. Heir and only child, Lord Saltire. Owns about two
carey -      man than Peter Carey, and I have heard that he bore the same
read -      as I read the time-honoured title of the great nobleman and statesman
high -      manuscript to the light and read in a high, cracking voice the
began -      began to fall. The light still burned steadily in front.
old -      old Barnes at the Green Dragon, for he never wished to see it again."
mere -      hand. Of course, it must be a mere chance about the glasses. Well,
way -      staircase and made our way down the long corridor with its vista of
hill -      way up the hill, when, looking in the direction of Holdernesse Hall,
how -      also how powerless European science would be to detect it. How he
raw -      and other such places as the black cannibal. He would eat raw meat
raw -      since I was a raw recruit, and a game-legged one at that. For two
turn -      "Quite so. Now turn that up in the ledger."
way -      silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. The first faint
london -      supposing one man wished to dog another through London, what better
real -      Holmes laughed. "Watson insists that I am the dramatist in real
stone -      the lower end, since the whole weight of the stone would press it
trevor -      the past of this Trevor, pugilist, traveler, and gold-digger, and how
street -      Surely enough, a note awaited us at Baker Street. A government
london -      our way in a day or two. By the way, Sir Robert is still in London, I
well -      "That's the list of the folk from whom I buy. D'you see? Well, then,
white -      with a white chevron on the peak.
mark -      both the officers with charts of the part of the Agra fort and mark
well -      laid, and all will be well.  Matters have gone so far now that they
sound -      warning or sound, a gash seemed to open and a hand appeared, a white,
rooms -      the rooms of a certain Mr. Sherlock Holmes, who has himself, as an
musgrave -      "'"I am strong enough, Mr. Musgrave," said she.
lawn -      lawn would have yielded nothing to an expert observer."
box -      came the letter back in the box?"
lodge -      of the lodge in these parts?"
lewisham -      to Lewisham, and yet evidence taken on the spot has a special value.
quarter -      had a quarter of an hour's start. I dropped the silver into the pond
hound -      could such a hound lie concealed, where did it get its food, where
moor -      "With gum on to the paper. But I want to know why the word 'moor'
dunbar -      it. I can assure you, however, that the relations between Miss Dunbar
coat -      right-hand pocket of his coat which it would be as well to remove.
tore -      read our plans." She tore from the bosom of her dress a small packet.
lane -      "Had he ever spoken of Swandam Lane?"
way -      in a cool, careless way, but his eyes were shining with excitement
law -      it to the law."
clouds -      is banked in with rolling clouds, which rise now and then to show the
wall -      envelope. Finally, he examined with his glass the word upon the wall,
scott -      match. Be the cause what I may, it was the end of the Gloria Scott
manor -      Thorpe Manor a household word through the length and breadth of
point -      Now for the point which I will make more plain when we meet.  Indeed,
well -      from his bearing that all was well, but none the less a most
hope -      "'"You're not going away in any kind of spirit, Hudson, I hope," said
wall -      on paper. That would be seen. If you wrote on the wall someone might
well -      "That is well. To-morrow I shall set to work upon your case."
hound -      hound as that. I just rejoiced that good luck had come her way, and
warren -      has access. Well, Mrs. Warren, what now?"
well -      "Well, of course it was obvious from the first that this Mr. Hosmer
hound -      reach of the hound and began to provoke it in every possible way. He
west -      Two steps to the west meant now that I was to go two paces down the
water -      drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth gets
eye -      wheal from an old scar ran right across it from eye to chin, and by
tiptoe -      tiptoe and I heard the crash as the club smashed my husband's skull.
market -      "'There will soon be a call for protection in the marriage market,
how -      How about that hour of darkness in which the power of evil is
clouds -      meanwhile take my assurance that the clouds are lifting and that I
hound -      unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?"
lane -      Lane. But what was she to do? How could she, a young and timid woman,
town -      There were only four stationers of any consequence in the town, and
well -      unless you just happened to have the key to it. Well, Elsie learned
stand -      to stand by while men were being killed in cold blood. Eight of us,
west -      West Indies. The man with the blue coat and the roll of paper is Sir
began -      which you so politely handed to me in the Minories before you began
sound -      much nearer than ever. And a new sound mingled with it, a deep,
musgrave -      probably never be able to clear up. It is likely that the Musgrave
worth -      "'And what are they worth?' I asked.
ball -      small oak barometer, and a ball of twine are all that have vanished."
way -      have gone a long way towards finding who took the naval treaty. It is
touch -      responsibility which had come so suddenly upon him. "We will touch
river -      Passing down the Waterloo Bridge Road we crossed over the river, and
home -      this dreadful society in his new home. All this Gennaro told me and
real -      "I should say it was. That was the real Shoscombe breed. There ain't
clouds -      the moon broke through the clouds. We rushed over the brow of the
hope -      "I understand. Now, Mr. Trelawney Hope, I should be much obliged if
station -      Woolwich Station. There he called a cab and drew Mycroft's paper from
rose -      I rose to go, but Holmes caught me by the wrist and pushed me back
old -      on either side of a cheery fire in the old room at Baker Street. A
deal -      find. You see that stain on the carpet? Well, a great deal must have
mortimer -      "Just a little," said Holmes. "I think, Dr. Mortimer, you would do
moat -      and it was hard to see more than a stone-cast. A deep moat lay in
brixton -      mantelpiece of the surgery at Lower Brixton. Well, when Dr. Barnicot
cambridge -      side of Cambridge, and comparing notes with publicans and other local
more -      never met a man who was more eminently fitted to represent one. I am
bridge -      Division, on duty near Waterloo Bridge, heard a cry for help and a
common -      common."
lady -      "The Valley of Fear," the lady answered. "That was an expression he
raise -      Flag of Freedom which would raise horror in our minds if we read of
box -      "You see that," said he, pointing to a big black box at the end of
well -      great interest, and I shall be delighted to look into it. Well, it's
more -      more than ever I can hope to pay."
camberwell -      following day. I walked over to Camberwell in the evening to report
british -      "You are aware that I have some proficiency in the good old British
central -      The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central
lady -      the exceedingly remarkable, for it can only mean that Lady
gale -      "Jack has been lost overboard in gale off St. Helena. No one knows
reading -      direction and hoped, according to my reading of the facts, to be back
loose -      broke loose and fluttered off among the others.
well -      symptoms seem alarming. Is that all clear? Well, then, I take our
pitt -      "If you are going back to Pitt Street you might see Mr. Horace
church -      again, what is master doing down at the old church crypt at night?
street -      street by a low wall and railing, the whole not more than five feet
moorville -      initial. John Garrideb, Counsellor at Law, Moorville, Kansas, U. S.
lodge -      On a Saturday night McMurdo was introduced to the lodge. He had
piece -      White Mason, I wish to give you a very earnest piece of advice. When
well -      politics had made the Boss a very rich as well as powerful man. The
read -      "Voyage of the Gloria Scott," he read.  "That was a bad business. I
eccles -      to the agents mentioned by Scott Eccles and obtaining a list of them.
how -      "'How was it stepped?'
moor -      anything of Sir Henry, until I came to the point where the moor path
old -      "'When my old tutor used to give me an exercise in trigonometry, it
more -      "That sounds more like sanity."
high -      "We came here on business," said Stamford, sitting down on a high
guildford -      of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes."
grove -      roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. Apply Dr.
wilson -      candid. Can you not find the advertisement, Mr. Wilson?"
how -      "I will come, with pleasure," said I. "I do not know how I could
town -      that the rent had been paid in advance. Then I made my way to town
gordon -      that bare space and correspond with Gordon's picture there."
old -      end in lovers' meetings,' as the old play says. I don't think I have
more -      we have anything more to learn here. There were no footsteps, you
liverpool -      them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case
town -      the Alpha were town bred."
barton -      Inspector Barton, who had charge of the case, made a very careful
hay -      Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton. The lady, I think, you have already
trevor -      "Old Trevor was evidently a man of some wealth and consideration, a
trevor -      sailors. As he came slouching across the lawn I heard Mr. Trevor make
sudden -      My companion gave a sudden chuckle of comprehension. "And not a very
how -      "Then how could he buy--"
twenty -      is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy
how -      wicked, flattened faces? Well, that's how Milverton impresses me.
stapleton -      naturalist--Stapleton, if I remember right, was his name. Here are
nowhere -      lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills. Nowhere was there any trace
selden -      "Selden found out that he has got a lad who works for him and brings
town -      really, but for the happy chance of your being in the town, I should
tore -      eccentric man. He tore up one of his wife's photographs in my
selden -      Barrymore had passed it on in order to help Selden in his escape.
box -      this piece of paper which you have shown us into the brass box which
lawn -      walked several times up and down the lawn, neither Miss Stoner nor
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, it is difficult for me to refuse you anything, for
more -      face once more, and spoke with the cold composure of despair.
well -      the days when they had first worked together. I could well remember
york -      stretch from here to Philadelphia or New York?"
clouds -      house. The night was a windy one, with broken clouds drifting swiftly
box -      step out, but he never did, and when the cabman got down from the box
overton -      like in your presence, Mr. Overton, to go through these papers which
old -      The pleasant old lady had appeared in the doorway. She curtseyed with
butt -      butt end of a pistol."
stand -      "I won't be argued with!" shouted Mr. Sherman. "Now stand clear, for
rattle -      the wheels of her carriage rattle off down the street.
piece -      another piece?'
weeks -      "One day, only a couple of weeks ago, he came down to my cottage and
high -      Smith. Through the half-open door I heard a high, petulant,
well -      would be to your advantage as well as mine if I might leave the house
turn -      to fall, do they? Yes, I will turn it up, that I may see you the
how -      carefully and asked several practical questions as to how they should
way -      way out of the room if Mr. Bennett had not intervened.
way -      me, and thought of destroying it since I could see no way of
water -      the water was but two feet deep, so that the jury, having regard to
grey -      They certainly were not. They were of a pearly grey colour, small,
oldacre -      Jonas Oldacre then informed me that there were a number of
moor -      over the moor. It turned me cold with horror, but my companion's
true -      in his true decade with tolerable confidence. I say normal cases,
lake -      immediately after his disappearance. She had flung into the lake a
bay -      great forest which for so long held the Saxon invaders at bay--the
mortimer -      game. And one more question, Dr. Mortimer. Supposing that anything
stair -      but never in that of courage. Gregson climbed the stair to arrest
hole -      tightly round Mr. Sholto, sir, when pop he went through a hole in the
milverton -      confronted Milverton, a face with a curved nose, strong, dark
north -      mile to the north there is a small cluster of villas which have been
grange -      "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent,
water -      water!" he gasped.
lane -      at by the children, and there's many a one just comes down this lane
old -      Looking back he saw the old man and the young girl crouching over the
hound -      "And the hound?"
how -      how the last remaining leaves were being whirled from the solitary
water -      diamond of the first water in a setting of brass. The richest and
more -      his house is no more than to forcibly take his pocket-book--an action
more -      was anything more valuable than the ordinary departmental papers in
deal -      had a good deal to worry and try me. You know my theory about this
charles -      men of education within many miles. Sir Charles was a retiring man,
rose -      moon rose we climbed to the top of the rocks over which our poor
how -      "By George!" cried the inspector. "How ever did you see that?"
bay -      As I spoke a powerful bay horse swept out from the weighting
how -      "Certainly, but how?"
station -      station."
height -      risen to such a height, and never have I been so hard pressed by an
lady -      saw the baronet paying court to the lady, even though it was part of
boot -      held an old and dusty boot in one of his hands. So furious was he
quick -      provoked a quick, impatient snarl in reply. Swiftly and silently he
box -      apparently quite freshly severed. The box had been sent by parcel
well -      This must have been well known to the robbers, or they would not have
west -      original plans were actually found on West?"
white -      Holmes's face was very white and grave. "The story is not over yet, I
sound -      been doing from quarter to eleven, when the sound of the shot brought
well -      "I am more to blame than you, Watson. In order to have my case well
brixton -      said, dropping another curtsey; "a gold wedding ring in the Brixton
pool -      The Boscombe Pool, which is a little reed-girt sheet of water some
yonder -      Kneller, I'll swear, that lady in the blue silk over yonder, and the
hollows -      dark eyes, which lurked in deep hollows under overhung and tufted
hope -      "I hope that you are satisfied now?" said Mr. Cunningham, tartly.
athelney -      "You see!" said Athelney Jones, reappearing down the steps again.
glass -      glass from his pocket. With these two implements he trotted
charles -      eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles, for I also
pill -      a similar pill made without the poison. I determined at the time that
well -      lessons fairly well."
hope -      and that I swear as I hope for God's mercy.
real -      "No, no; the real name," said Holmes sweetly. "It is always awkward
pocket -      "In the dress is a pocket. In the pocket is a card-case. In the
yonder -      We must stay where we are. See how the folk swarm over yonder in the
true -      that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit, although, of course, I saw
norbury -      than it deserves, kindly whisper 'Norbury' in my ear, and I shall be
how -      "'"So!" said I. "This is how you repay the trust which we have
heads -      that he is not only one of the heads of the medical school of the
home -      "Have seen this humble home again. I was well aware of it. We all
turn -      parallel side-street would serve their turn. At the foot of
coast -      to the coast, and he was the one man who was on such terms with me
well -      "Oh, he is very well known in his own circle."
rooms -      and Signor Rulli, his secretary, were both murdered in their rooms at
read -      Mr. Garrideb forced a laugh. "I've read of your tricks, Mr. Holmes,
well -      me.  "Well, you take the case up by all means, and let me know if you
deal -      that he said that no doubt foreign spies would pay a great deal to
mark -      "Exactly. There was evidently some mark, some thumbprint, something
walls -      paralyzed with terror as to have been unable to cry out. These walls
rooms -      unwarrantable intrusion into my rooms."
catch -      "She is very fast," he said. "I doubt if we shall catch her."
mountain -      On the extreme verge of the horizon lie a long chain of mountain
well -      "Well, when he saw that they were indeed the proofs, it was then that
start -      we start?"
true -      "'Quite true, Mr. Holmes. By a curious coincidence he had been
way -       It was our only chance, for we could not hope to fight our way out
norfolk -      Norfolk. Last year I came up to London for the Jubilee, and I stopped
northumberland -      Baskerville, Northumberland Hotel.' That should let us know before
grey -      around Aldershot, the little red and grey roofs of the farm-steadings
grey -      grey eyes. He shot a questioning glance at each of us, placed his
stove -      with his feet cocked up upon the stove. The other, a bull-necked
well -      "Well, sir, if it isn't too great a liberty, I am a neighbour of
west -      the West. It chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark
well -      "Well, well, it was worth thinking over. Then there is another
old -      established a right of way through the centre of old Middleton's
how -      and the whole truth, so help me God! What I ask you now is how do I
more -      lay out his foolscap once more--eh, Watson? Well, now, let us see
way -      way from its great attachment. Porlock is not quite a sound
how -      inside the house again; and then, seeing how useless all concealment
began -      gradually began to settle down and to accommodate ourselves to our
how -      He clutched her hand to detain her. "How are you, Watson?" said he,
torquay -      Charpentier's Boarding Establishment, Torquay Terrace. Thus I got at
park -      not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are
more -      "At one time they were not. But for a year or more Murdoch has been
mapleton -      Mapleton. He is not at King's Pyland. Therefore he is at Mapleton.
old -      giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit
eye -      yet there was something in his steady eye and the quiet assurance of
mason -      "I see! In that case we must work without you, Mr. Mason. You can
stapleton -      of Lafter Hall, and Mr. Stapleton, the naturalist, there are no other
laid -      expression of dismay, and laid it upon the table.
douglas -      "We have taken every possible step, Mrs. Douglas," said the
mere -      me to be mere shapeless smudges of dust upon the cocoa-nut matting
edge -      had appeared at the edge of the glade. "Come here. Take this note as
barnes -      old Barnes at the Green Dragon, for he never wished to see it again."
way -      a clue against him; so he left it there and made his way by some
guide -      "That's the Union House," said the guide, pointing to one saloon
close -      which was passing. I managed to be close to her so as to hear the
way -      more, perhaps, for they get in the way of going there in the dry
westhouse -      from Westhouse & Marbank, of Fenchurch Street, to say that the
street -      the street, tugging at his leash in his efforts to go faster. In half
rooms -      almost next door to it. These rooms appeared to be much more modern
how -      as you can be, if you will but show me how it can be done.'
newmarket -      Brewer, whom I was once compelled to horsewhip on Newmarket Heath. Do
sheet -      He held up a piece of white cardboard about the size of a sheet of
brougham -      brougham.
way -      your way merely in order that you might see him."
town -      "I had gone into town on that day, but I returned by the 2.40 instead
flat -      just over the lock with the flat of his foot and it flew open. Pistol
success -      "Any success?"
more -      been closed for more than three days, and the neighbours were of
york -      us to say that he had rather be a free crossing sweeper in New York
stone -      moor was to be found among the stone huts upon the hill-side. With
dunbar -      of her weapon. When Miss Dunbar appeared she used her last breath in
samson -      Montpellier, and Samson of new Orleans. I could name a score of cases
how -      "How on earth do you know that?" I asked.
town -      town and continued in the opposite direction to that in which we
more -      more successful." He opened the door and ushered in a lady and
rock -      straight yellow flame and the gleam of the rock on each side of it.
how -      doubt," said I; "but how do you know that he is anywhere upon the
border -      called Muttra, near the border of the Northwest Provinces. Night
moor -      moor sink into one's soul, its vastness, and also its grim charm.
old -      old uncle with his bogie hound."
how -      eyes. "Why, you are like a magician," said she. "How do you know
send -      do not force your way in, but send a wire to my friend and me. We
well -      less singularly endowed than my fellow-lodger might well despair of
white -      sat there staring with a face as white as the plate upon which he
frame -      uncouth physical inertia in the figure, but above this unwieldy frame
white -      hours of the morning. White Mason, the local officer, was a personal
point -      and that he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished
well -      "Well, ma'am, I was comin' in to ask if the visitors was stayin' for
more -      However, there's no good talking any more about it, Watson; but
laid -      "This letter was laid with others upon the study table, and I myself
westminster -      Godolphin Street, Westminster. Our readers will remember that the
hook -      the hook and will be dry presently. You have come up from the
street -      down Baker Street and along Oxford Street, until we had almost
grey -      pompous, and slow. He wore rather baggy grey shepherd's check
real -      real occupation. My dear wife knew that I had business in the City.
wall -      here. Very good. It rises in the angle of the wall, and there is a
old -                The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place
hook -      in the middle of the room. He had tied his cord to the hook on which
elms -      ran through a noble park, between lines of ancient elms, and ended in
musgrave -      half-dozen cases of the kind of which "The Adventure of the Musgrave
hill -      Holmes handed me a card upon which was printed: "Dr. Hill Barton, 369
old -      facsimile of his old friend, dressing-gown and all, the face turned
point -      "You see the point of my questions, of course. Either the boy was
hamilton -      would not need to explain to you who Alexander Hamilton Garrideb was.
tumble -      a price. You bet he'll tumble to it. I'll tell him the papers are at
stone -      among the stone huts upon the moor.
liverpool -      gone up to Liverpool to be near the Browners, but a quarrel had
lead -      turned down one of the quiet streets which lead towards the Edgeware
close -      "There is no such person here," she answered, and tried to close the
true -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, if this is true, we only tumble out of one mystery
eye -      only a glimpse; but I have a quick eye for these things, and I never
lane -      well to follow them when up the lane came a neat little landau, the
british -      in a British prison. In his trunk were found the invaluable
sheet -      He scribbled three or four words upon a sheet of his notebook, folded
boscombe -      game-keeper, lost sight of them. The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded
more -      they showed no signs I played a more dangerous game.  Our
old -      in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom
laid -      Lestrade knew my friend too well to disregard his words. He laid down
oldacre -      just so happened, and Oldacre had himself no notion of the use he
how -      you held. How do you explain that?"
read -      "Have you read Gaboriau's works?" I asked. "Does Lecoq come up to
old -      the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is
station -      "It is true. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station!
close -      heard the rush of steps below, and only just had time to close the
strode -      the passage, and a very stout, portly man in a gray suit strode
hatherley -      I took it up and glanced at it. "Mr. Victor Hatherley, hydraulic
point -      any point which I do not make clear."
stand -      "It is not for me, my dear Watson, to stand in the way of the
turn -      occasion was helped in turn.
steps -      over the principal steps. We approached the case, you remember, with
how -      "How about moving that drugget?"
white -      baronet caught my sleeve and his face glimmered white through the
how -      "How on earth--"
ross -      letter of instructions from Colonel Ross. This other is a milliner's
oxford -      we followed into Oxford Street and so down Regent Street. Once our
reading -      Holmes had picked up the letter of yesterday and was reading it over.
charles -      "Did you correspond with Sir Charles?"
way -      and set out in search of whatever chance might throw in his way.
wilson -      "Very good. Now, Mr. Wilson?"
hope -       It was our only chance, for we could not hope to fight our way out
bold -      answering smile upon his bold, handsome face. In an instant--but it
sheet -      tossed over, as he spoke, a crumpled sheet of foreign notepaper. I
lawn -      out and closed the window, standing on the lawn outside smoking a
letters -      letters. He hid them, and he tried hard to swear away the young man's
white -      "Our own colours, green and white. Green open, white shut. Main
water -      litre of water. You perceive that the resulting mixture has the
weeks -      weeks, unconscious, and raving with brain-fever. If it had not been
emsworth -      Colonel Emsworth was not in his room, but he came quickly enough on
reed -      proved a broken reed. Well, there is nothing for it but another
how -      "How was she dressed?"
market -      which pays double the market price for a governess, but does not keep
lavender -      pearl pin in the black satin cravat to the lavender spats over the
more -      or suspected a very great deal more than he dared say. He had a
pocket -      He took a large sheet of paper from his pocket, all covered with
walls -      "Yet if the lady is correct in saying that the flooring and walls are
lane -      stable lane now."
well -      "Well, well, it is surely not quite so bad as that. The cipher
rose -      plain there rose up a little spray of dust, very slight at first, and
paul -      God, it is Paul!'
wooden -      wooden rails had been cracked. A small fragment of the wood was
well -      "You! Well, I don't see that it would make much matter to you,
how -      lived, seeing how twisted he was, and that he spoke in a strange
sound -      turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
gilmerton -      and they had shown the Scowrers of Gilmerton that the Vermissa men
well -      "Well, a Pinkerton. But, sure, you wouldn't know what that is,
read -      "I did, Mr. Holmes. It's my way. Shall I read it, Mr. Gregson?"
dull -      a dull murmur it swelled into a deep roar, and then sank back into a
way -      old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way.
well -      was poor and depressing. None the less, we found the house to be well
eye -      rigidity of his gaze, that it had caught his eye, I would at once
guide -      by her writing. The man cannot come near the woman, or he will guide
mortimer -      Mortimer Tregennis himself, who says that his brother spoke about
lodge -      "Vernon Lodge, near Kingston. It is a large house. He has been
piece -      of the deceased. By a singular piece of good fortune, Mr. Athelney
well -      Sherlock Holmes is so well known. Would you mind coming over and
hope -      heel. "I hope before very long to be able to introduce you to the
wish -      house. I wish you both to be there as witnesses."
well -      "Well, perhaps it won't be so difficult, after all. There is nothing
sound -      head listening intently. No sound came from within. Meanwhile it had
glass -      we can't all see it the same." He had drunk off his glass and had
point -      "You did not ask for particulars on any point which appeared to you
well -      "Well, if you won't tell us we can't make you; but I'd be glad to
how -      "Hum!" said Holmes. "I think I see how things worked, and I can
euston -      landlady upon Tuesday, the 4th inst., and departed to Euston Station
green -      stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize.' This is an
hayes -      they were pursued, that Hayes struck the pursuer with his stick, and
how -      "How did you know that?"
guide -      this guide to his descendant without explaining the meaning of it.
white -      dreadful voice, "My God, it's Nancy!"  Mrs. Barclay turned as white
westward -      and westward some thousands of miles in space, that I may lay before
london -      you in London, Watson, and I tell you now again, that we have never
how -      "But what were his relations with the governess, and how did you
high -      even as he mourned darkly when it fell below the high level to which
read -      which I had read in the morning upon the envelope.
cropper -      as no doubt you remember, and came a nasty cropper. I had been with
steps -      speculating, as to what Holmes was doing, what steps Lord Holdhurst
well -      right-hand pocket of his coat which it would be as well to remove.
amberley -      Amberley was a natural sequence, for you must admit that our
intake -      his breath with a shrill, excited intake. In the dim light I saw his
more -      "No doubt, doctor; and yet the conversation may prove more important
deal -      deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my
london -      other means to London or to some safe hiding place which he had
boot -      bribed to help him in his design. By chance, however, the first boot
cliff -      of the cliff where the path ends. Then his whole figure appeared at
way -      us. But as to your own researches, if there is any possible way in
ross -      Winchester to see the race for the Wessex Cup. Colonel Ross met us by
well -      "Well, I am afraid I can't help you, Lestrade," said Holmes. "The
close -      close beside us, stole over to the window, and very softly and
close -      ring in the kitchen. Therefore he must have been in close league with
street -      "There was no one in the street?"
more -      the gloom once more. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull,
more -      more. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope
oldacre -      will was drawn up by Jonas Oldacre in his journey yesterday. It is
beckenham -      a blanched cheek.  He had been taken swiftly to Beckenham, and had
hilton -      "'If it really annoys you, Hilton, we might go and travel, you and I,
pocket -      "I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
avenue -      The avenue opened into a broad expanse of turf, and the house lay
moor -      intimately, for his favourite walk was over the moor to our house. He
how -      "You may remember how the affair of the Gloria Scott, and my
home -      breakfast awaits us at home. Come, Watson! As to you, sir, I trust
rose -      As if in answer to his words there rose suddenly out of the vast
essex -      Purlington is in Essex, I believe, not far from Frinton. Well, of
well -      perhaps as well that the facts should now come to light, for I have
twenty -      "Retired in 1896, Watson. Early in 1897 he married a woman twenty
well -      the Englishman's evidence, and all would be well. But the attempt was
wish -      wish ever to score at their expense. At the same time, Mr. White
valley -      Pinkerton detective, one Birdy Edwards, at work in the valley
began -      as we stood together, he read over the fragment of paper. It began in
lady -      word, my dear young lady. I was preoccupied with business matters.'
point -      the first point which attracted my attention. But his symptoms are
brougham -      brougham and pair of greys under the glare of a gas-lamp stood before
moor -      "The moor is being scoured for these gypsies. I have also examined
shipping -      about harpooners and high wages, so I went to the shipping agents,
cross -      "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. We picked up the scent at Charing Cross
swan -      won't know it again, with a thousand candle-power Swan and Edison
pocket -      lead from his pocket, and switching it backward and forward several
more -      concerned; and so long as there is nothing criminal, I am much more
how -      endeavouring to work out how much money he should himself return,
tongue -      "By Gar! you've got an Irish tongue in your head anyhow," cried the
more -      place immediately afterwards. Jules Vibart, and, what was of more
more -      instant he half raised his loaded cane once more, as if he would turn
how -      "How blind I have been!"
ross -      Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street."
more -      may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put
street -      "If you are going back to Pitt Street you might see Mr. Horace
well -      apologize. I spoke without thought. Well, I know that I am safe in
read -      "You had better read it."
newgate -      Newgate Calendar in your memory. I have been down to see friend
box -      box--his fourth--and lighting it from the stub of that which he had
well -      said nothing, but I, who knew him so well, could read in his face
oaken -      oak mantelpiece. Beside the fireplace was a heavy oaken chair with
real -      one child, this fellow, whose real name is the same as his father's.
well -      would be the most effective of all proofs. But if not--well, the
church -      inhabitants clustered round an ancient, moss-grown church. The vicar
wimpole -      as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley
well -      "Well, it is not for me to judge you," said Holmes as the old man
london -      London. What could have happened, then, to bring one of the foremost
beryl -      doubtless heard of the Beryl Coronet?'
old -      very old and wrinkled woman hobbled into the apartment. She appeared
douglas -      with Mr. Douglas's first wife, and it would surely not be too
well -      Never been there? Ah, well, I don't suppose you will forget your
street -      over at once to London, called in my own person at Baker Street,
lake -      overlooking the lake. And yet she had left at a single day's notice,
close -      firm tread. She did not hear the study door close, but a minute or so
way -      Fate had placed in my way. I knew that Moriarty was not the only man
london -      been traced on the London market; but the others presumably were
acres -      hundred and fifty thousand acres. Minerals in Lancashire and Wales.
winchester -      Below it stated that a guard of police, armed with Winchester rifles,
piece -      "Precisely. It is a piece of tarred twine. You have also, no doubt,
pinner -      made by Pinner that you should not resign your place, but should
stone -      saw a man's head against the darkening sky, and another stone struck
how -      tenderly her arm stole round the other's waist and how motherly was
more -      "I have no doubt that you would have had a more lively evening," said
reading -      a leader. He was reading a brown-backed volume, but as the crowd
griffin -      many of them adorned with the griffin and coronet of this old family
more -      more welcome word."
how -      some outside person affected the card-players, how can we reconstruct
how -      sacrifice myself rather than break his dear heart? That is how I love
staunton -      Godfrey Staunton appears to have been a poor man. If he has been
well -      "That's better," he said. "Well, I waited for a quarter of an hour,
reading -      west I had no idea. For that matter, Reading, and possibly other
more -      "Not more than a few minutes, sir. I forgot to tell you that Mrs.
how -      herself, a middle-aged, graceful woman, and it gave me joy to see how
well -      "Well, I don't know it; but Vermissa is out of my beat. I live at
countess -      complete. You had heard, Ryder, of this blue stone of the Countess of
touch -      touch of impatience. "You know my methods. Apply them, and it will be
nasty -      if I gave you time to draw it. Nasty, noisy things, revolvers, Count.
hope -      stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back
surrey -      than that which was associated with the well-known Surrey family of
wall -      thumb against the wall in taking his hat from the peg! Such a very
morton -      It was an old acquaintance, Inspector Morton, of Scotland Yard,
oldacre -      opens into Oldacre's room. You can look into it from the road, you
london -      the most select London hotels."
way -      would blow all hands up if he were in any way molested. An instant
america -      cunning, and untiring he could be. Both Italy and America are full of
well -      looking for and where. Well, Watson, we have helped a remarkable
manor -      We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor House park until we
high -      to see you. He has a high opinion of you and thought that you were
street -      name is Henry Wood, and he lives in lodgings in this same street in
more -      no, Watson, there is more in it than this. Now, I can only suggest--"
piece -      rifled, and upon his chest was fixed a torn piece of paper, with the
old -      crafty old hands who played a nice sly safe game. A very snug little
laid -      report, where more stress is laid, perhaps, upon the platitudes of
fold -      rolled down in fold upon fold over his throat sat at her elbow with a
way -      I saw a tall man pushing his way furiously through the crowd, and
twenty -      "I had sat for about twenty minutes turning the thing over in my mind
street -      stood looking out into the busy street. "This fellow may be very
rock -      evening.  As I turned away I saw Holmes, with his back against a rock
east -      direction of East Ruston.
devonshire -      town. We hope very soon to return to Devonshire. Will you remember to
water -      time after the murder, for we found blood-stained water in the basin,
salt -      "Oh, that! I thought of the salt that I have been working upon. There
kensington -      Kensington. There was no reason why those six should be different to
sudden -      expectancy, there was something depressing and subduing in the sudden
read -      servant. I noticed that after my host had read it he seemed even more
true -      and grace of a true child of the West. So the bud blossomed into a
station -      station. Have you followed me so far?"
lady -      expect? With your natural advantages, Watson, every lady is your
quick -      irregular in his methods, and a little quick perhaps in jumping at
lane -      I met an empty van coming up the lane, and saw a pile of carpets and
central -      round the central table while the Inspector unlocked a square tin box
reach -      rather assist me. Watson, when you reach London you would oblige me
green -      "How did it run? 'Our own colours, green and white.' Sounds like
coat -      feared to find. It was Neville St. Clair's coat, and not Neville St.
reach -      can reach it." He rose, and laid a written paper upon a side-table.
moor -      "The moor is very sparsely inhabited, and those who live near each
lady -      grass border. "Our lady must have picked her steps carefully, must
rooms -      Sherlock Holmes seemed delighted at the idea of sharing his rooms
scott -      highly respectable presence of our friend, Scott Eccles, whose
leverton -      is Mr. Leverton, of Pinkerton's American Agency."
letters -      that certain letters might come to him from London which would be
start -      with a violent start and stepped out of the carriage.
west -      shot through the Pool, past the West India Docks, down the long
how -      "And how in the world did you find them?"
wooden -      wooden gate, which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts. The
quick -      He had been talking in a high, quick voice, staring blankly up over
lady -      more devoted lover. The lady, Alice Morphy, was a very perfect girl
charles -      "There is Sir Charles's death."
read -      table, "I never read such rubbish in my life."
coat -      "Why, the man in the brown coat--our florid friend with the square
pocket -      his pocket, a fierce-looking elderly man strode out from the gate
quick -      vicinity of a great city could there be so quick a succession of
true -      house. She's as true as steel and as deaf as a post. There's only
old -      "The old sweet song," said Holmes. "How often have I heard it in days
way -      By eleven o'clock the next day we were well upon our way to the old
well -      "That is well. The house is watched on every side. That is why I
loose -      that they cannot let her loose without their own destruction. We must
real -      very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material,
well -      Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. Not? Well, I am sure Moran was at the
lock -      the lock. I rushed towards it and pulled at the handle, but it was
way -      within him. A little way on one side of the camp was a low-lying heap
quick -      quick and energetic, but conventional--shockingly so. They have their
city -      in begging in the City under my disguise. In ten days I had the money
north -      the north of England. Now, there is no one more easy to trace than a
wall -      some months later, you assert that the wall was sheer. This was not
west -      the police. Naturally he had no doubt that Cadogan West was guilty.
bridge -      Bridge. He was alone and took a single third-class ticket. The clerk
sound -      The other dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth
hampshire -      all swept from her face. "I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in
home -      sunburned fellow, who looks as if he would be more at home in a
westminster -      had been pawned at Bovington's, in Westminster Road. The pawner was a
how -      the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the
douglas -      "Well, I started from the fact that Mr. Douglas had seemed disturbed
dartmoor -      Dartmoor training-stables upon the Monday night, and the means by
trevor -      "'Ah!' cried Trevor. 'You know where Mr. Beddoes is?'
began -      balanced the lamp in the middle of it, he began to smoke over it, and
oaken -      of blood being found within the room, and an oaken walking-stick,
way -      slow and methodical way, while we kept close at his heels, with our
white -      "You shall smart for this!" Stangerson cried, white with rage. "You
more -      would annoy Brother Bartholomew more than any publicity." He sat down
more -      seemed all the more beautiful to eyes which were weary of the duns
market -      match this, and it is certainly not likely to be in the market. Would
field -      widened the field of my inquiry. I fear that I bore you with these
market -      been traced on the London market; but the others presumably were
whitehall -      usual, in Whitehall, at the extremity. We rushed along the pavement,
old -      held an old and dusty boot in one of his hands. So furious was he
mere -      out of a dozen of the force," Holmes remarked. "The mere sight of an
well -      "Well, you are master of the situation. I have had no proof yet of
bohemia -                               A SCANDAL IN BOHEMIA
high -      that you take a very high line in professional matters, and that you
start -      chance as it is that Mrs. Allen did not start out to inquire for the
way -      the less presented surprising difficulties in the way of an arrest.
rose -      Rose Spender by name, whom we found in the Brixton Workhouse
more -      house more than a year now, and as I wished to lead a retired life I
high -      people who live far aloof from romance. But Mr. Henderson, of High
way -      make my way along the wet path without leaving some tracks. I might,
way -      knowledge in some fanciful way. You cannot expect me to believe that
well -      sitting-room on the right side, well furnished, with long windows
box -      man with a very large flat box. This he unpacked with the help of a
comfort -      comfort and occupation in religion. Dr. Shlessinger's remarkable
coat -      dust coat. "How still and peaceful it all seems. There may be other
more -      "Perhaps I have. Perhaps I haven't. I may be able to say more soon.
point -      her mind on a point. Of course, I did not mind you so much, as you
read -      several Mortimers, but only one who could be our visitor. I read his
university -      university, his European reputation, the feelings of his daughter."
well -      Holmes; and I know very well that he could better himself and earn
lady -      "Now, what is your own impression as to the young lady's--your wife's
reading -      papers which he had procured at Paddington. We had left Reading far
more -      "It was a joke, my good sir, a practical joke, nothing more," he
way -      needed--by the way, Watson, you spotted their presence in that
how -      he had put his money. Then I described how his first impulse had been
cocking -      "Hist!" cried Holmes, and I heard the sharp click of a cocking
old -      the whole sinister semicircle of Mounts Bay, that old death trap of
well -      presently found herself the richest as well as the most lovely widow
city -      "No, I shall commence with the City. Just ring the bell and the maid
lady -      at the words and nestled up against the lady's dress. "When I left
more -      "I have nothing more to say, Mr. Holmes, except that I was angry with
moor -      things are possible upon the moor. Yes, I should not be surprised to
temple -      Illinois, where we had founded our temple. We have come to seek a
well -      "Well, it may be seven or eight. But within a year at the furthest we
well -      would be as well not to try him too far. No, Mr. Von Bork, you will
lead -      trains of inquiry upon foot which may lead to something."
worth -      night, for it's as much as your life is worth.'
hope -      "I have every hope that the company may accommodate you. I will let
commercial -      London, hotel London, theatrical London, literary London, commercial
simpson -      police-station I think that something nutritious at Simpson's would
how -      to be married at the end of the summer. Dear me, how did I get
how -      "Then how could you know?"
merrow -      watch-chain. Here are the papers, you see. Letter from Lord Merrow,
winchester -      had best escort Miss Hunter back to Winchester, as it seems to me
white -      vessel a few white crystals, and then added some drops of a
well -      well, to see that he was profoundly excited. The moment that Hilton
cunningham -      case, of course, Acton's and Cunningham's are just the places he
turn -      question to the future. Now we shall turn to the Cadogan Wests."
mortimer -      night. We may take it, then, that all the evidence points to Mortimer
deal -      morning. However, he is in a position to tell us a good deal which I
acres -      these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered
well -      Obviously the midnight visitor was some one whom the dog knew well.
dollar -      last dollar on that. Tell it your own way; but there are the facts,
rooms -      keeping with the house. Inside, however, there were large rooms
well -      "Well, that is not final--is it? One can understand that a woman
steps -      With strained ears the murderers waited. They counted the steps of
letters -      "Or get letters from it?"
close -      "Our little problem draws to a close," said he. "No doubt you have
old -      this anxiety to obtain an old boot and this indifference to a new
moor -           Death on the Moor
drawbridge -      it. As we approached it, there was the wooden drawbridge and the
dull -      in front of us there came one last despairing yell, and then a dull,
old -      "I had a little talk with old Cunningham afterwards as to the motive
norman -      inch of it. And now for lunch, and then for Norman Neruda. Her attack
well -      I felt some reflection of his elation in my own mind, for I knew well
real -      your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything but real bright,
box -      go to India to test our story. If he found the box he was to leave it
hill -      "Quick, Dr. Watson, quick, before he passes over the hill!"
aberdeen -      been expecting was waiting for her at the offices of the Aberdeen
turn -      "And also with the result of causing it to turn upon its master at
turn -      the turn events had taken.
point -      'Life,' for example is quite out of its proper place. That may point
hope -      "I never hope to see such a sight as that again, Mr. Holmes. From
stanley -      gate. There he scribbled a short note for Stanley Hopkins and left it
oxford -      the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my
way -      tobacco and does not help us in any way. The medical student theory
how -      luck upstairs. That is how I read it. What do you make of it, Mr.
east -      across from west to east. The sun was shining very brightly, and yet
close -      visits lengthened, and before the end of the term we were close
crew -      had been blown north. There was one man on her--a landsman. The crew
tiptoe -      "Mortimer said that the man had walked on tiptoe down that portion of
camberwell -      "Then I shall run over to Camberwell and call upon Mrs. Cecil
letters -      "I did at first," she answered, "but now I know where the letters are
bridge -      house.  It was a quarter to ten before we reached London Bridge, and
more -      talk, and I can remember that more than once he expressed a keen
point -      "It is true," Holmes answered. "Up to a certain point he did well. He
catch -      to catch him red-handed, and to do so we had to use Sir Henry, alone
america -      him in America. We know he is at the bottom of fifty murders, and yet
water -      water through one of the side cylinders. An examination showed that
victoria -      you will step, and you will reach Victoria in time for the
thorpe -      "We are going to Ridling Thorpe Manor," said he, "but we have heard
glass -      instant round the glass as though he would hurl it at the head of his
more -      visitor at the Manor House. He was the more noticed as being the only
wooden -      "See here," said Holmes, pointing to the wooden hatchway. "We were
well -      learned the processes by which he had arrived at them they might well
frost -      before, and also that there had been a strong frost to preserve
well -      know well that I have it in me to make my name famous. No man lives
way -      "In his way?"
well -      "Well, well, it just happens that I have already read all the
old -      The old crone drew out an evening paper, and pointed at our
whitney -      "Why," said my wife, pulling up her veil, "it is Kate Whitney.  How
pocket -      stepped up to the cab, he pulled a gold watch from his pocket and
crew -      two mates had both been seized by the crew, and the whole business
law -      But even within this inner fortress of the law the long arm of the
rose -      us in. Slowly it rose from our souls like the mists from a landscape
wish -      "Oh, come in if you wish to."
lady -      said to be a young lady of attractions. There is Mr. Frankland, of
rope -      little devil with the slack end of the rope for it, but it was done,
lodge -      lodge and carried out in cold blood upon two helpless and disarmed
turn -      there was in her also the instinct to turn to me for comfort and
more -      wish in this house, and that my time may be more profitably employed
central -      wing are on the ground floor, the sitting-rooms being in the central
sundial -      out upon the sundial, as directed. Do you understand?"
well -      "A single man in a dog-cart, so far as I could see. Well, it
sudden -      which told of the sudden horror which had seized him.
south -      days afterwards. He was on the South American line when that was
more -      were afterwards seen together upon the platform. Nothing more is
east -      north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his
bradshaw -      "Just look up the trains in Bradshaw," said he, and turned back to
trevor -      "Trevor senior was a widower, and my friend his only son.
middle -      "It lay in the middle. It was of coarse seal-skin--the
stanley -      side. Stanley Hopkins drew the key from his pocket, and had stooped
spring -      gleaming magnificently in the light of the bright spring sunshine.
stone -      Fairbank was a good-sized square house of white stone, standing back
dull -      "There is material here. There is scope," said he. "I am dull indeed
thames -      flying man-hunt down the Thames. Steadily we drew in upon them, yard
hayes -      "How are you, Mr. Reuben Hayes?" said Holmes.
mere -      litigation. He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is
lock -      "No, it's a double combination lock. You know what that is?"
read -      always a touch of madness." That was what I read in the inspector's
reach -      relations of those three people if we are to reach the truth. You saw
point -      little visit to the North. There is one other small point upon which
read -      separate mysteries here, but one only, and that if I could read the
true -      true."
cross -      the cross of the Christians, or your body this night shall be thrown
lawn -      sailors. As he came slouching across the lawn I heard Mr. Trevor make
edge -      you, Watson, to open that window, and then to put a match to the edge
white -      "I thought you would say so, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason in great
thorpe -      not a rich man, my people have been at Ridling Thorpe for a matter of
lodge -      drive at seven. We must be at Briony Lodge to meet her."
well -      "Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross
more -      have some of the more implacable spirits upon their track. You can
more -      once more. I struggled against it, but in vain. Though I knew the
real -      make a case against the real murderer. His only accomplice was one
street -      know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which
south -      South Downs."
pinner -      "You look ill, Mr. Pinner!" he exclaimed.
north -      upon the Portuguese coast, some leagues to the north of Oporto. The
street -      wax. The rest I arranged myself during my visit to Baker Street this
pool -      "Yes, it lay on the very edge of the pool," said one of them. "It
city -      of this great city. Without meaning to hurt either of your feelings,
lady -      the object of my mission. And yet the more I thought of the lady's
touch -      "The law cannot, as you say, touch you," said Holmes, unlocking and
how -      know, Mr. Gilchrist, how you, an honourable man, ever came to commit
clouds -      "The clouds are heavy," answered Baldwin.
common -      What could he have in common with Sir Robert?"
norwood -      who had taken over the case so confidently at Upper Norwood. His
how -      "You can go, Billy. That boy is a problem, Watson. How far am I
crag -      come to an end, and that there, on that barren crag, he was about to
way -      sofa. This way, please!"
stream -      was full of his case, and poured out a stream of remarks, while
old -      however, the old floor must have creaked under our feet, for the head
how -      waiting for me. Never did I realize till that moment how this poor
lodge -         The Tragedy of Pondicherry Lodge
valley -      in the lower part of the valley. At least a dozen, by their grimed
lodge -      dozen of them, with Boss McGinty and all the power of the lodge
well -      you mean well, though I learn that you are a paid agent who would
british -      illustrious, even the rigid British law becomes human and elastic. My
turn -      will take a turn down the street with me. It's a fine evening, and
home -      "I went home to Saxe-Coburg Square, and I took the advice of my
sussex -      MacDonald's short sketch of the problem which awaited us in Sussex.
rocks -      back-ground. Then the intervening rocks hid them from his view.
letters -      "Had Sir Charles received any other letters in the same writing?"
reading -      "Look it up in the books, sir. It will repay reading--Frankland v.
well -      of nature! Are you well up in your Jean Paul?"
well -      "Well, he was within his rights."
cunningham -      Alec Cunningham, William Kirwan, and Annie Morrison. The results
well -      "Well, they ought to be, but they've had a lawsuit for some years
hill -      and made for the stony hill over which the boy had disappeared.
old -      "I am a dying man," said old Turner. "I have had diabetes for years.
street -      I known my friend more moved, and yet the dark street still stretched
rooms -      runs the corridor from which these three rooms open. There are
true -      And my words were true, for shortly after eight a hansom dashed up to
rooms -      no difficulty in finding her rooms, which were central and well
county -      "I never saw a Devonshire man who did not swear by his county," I
more -      "Ah, that is more than I can tell. Since, however, we had already
send -      "We must send for help, Holmes! We cannot carry him all the way to
way -      that you are after. I'd go some way to see him get his deserts."
old -      door, and knocked in his peculiar way. We could see a tall old woman
reach -      and papers upon this table within my reach. Thank you. Now some of
lady -      regaining these letters. The unfortunate lady has not the money, and
weald -      "It is this Harrow Weald case. It decides me to look into the matter,
way -      and I could only imagine that she acted in this way because she did
london -      He walked across the room to the bell. Our London friend, Mr.
old -      carried it out to the old well-house, which is now never used. We
well -      "Well, sir, there's the box-room opposite. I could arrange a
old -      the matter is cleared up, Mrs. Barclay, who is an old friend of
rooms -      fought three rounds with you at Alison's rooms on the night of your
chalk -      gout, too. They say he could chalk his billiard-cue with his
west -      was the first train which it was possible for West to take after he
london -      London, S.W. Date, July 7. Hum! Man's thumb-mark on corner,--probably
began -      strange symptoms began after his visit to Prague, that he is in
langham -      "Certainly. You will find me at the Langham under the name of the
street -      the driver, and the cab flew madly off down Regent Street. Holmes
water -      "If the launch is above water they will find her," said Holmes, as he
advent -      Second, whose advent was already foreseen. There can, I think, be no
main -      the main reason lies in the one fact which is notorious to everyone,
read -      "Well, I have read something, it is true; but I had thought it was a
west -      fog, and West started at once to London to head him off from his own
laid -      astonishment, a quite epicurean little cold supper began to be laid
deal -      room. He drank a great deal of brandy and smoked very heavily, but he
how -      "Ah!" said he, laying down his cup, "I feared as much. How was it
lock -      Come on, my boy, and we shall see whether it will not fit the lock."
well -      "You'll have it, sir," said Douglas. "May I smoke as I talk? Well,
south -      "This is Mrs. Merrilow, of South Brixton," said my friend with a wave
stand -      truth in this matter, do not keep me in suspense. How do I stand?
stone -      is on the stone of the stair also. The demonstration is complete. Let
turn -      "This is a very unexpected turn of affairs," said I; "and what then?"
more -      daughter burst into tears. I felt more than ever that these people
stone -      led to a winding stone stair, from which there were many flats, let
white -      white under his arm. He looked stealthily all round him. The silence
quick -      by his quick glancing eyes and his sharp scrutiny of every face that
stand -      we solemnly renewed our oath to stand by each other and be true to
charles -      Charles?"
edge -      "'And how far from the edge of the wood?'
station -      head of hair, and an appropriate dress, I took my station in the
how -      creature and my wife? Or how could the coarse, rough woman whom I had
hammer -      him with the hammer. I got him somewhere; for the knife tinkled down
town -      favourite loafing place of all the rougher elements of the town. The
moorland -      A short walk brought us to it, a bleak moorland house, once the farm
arrow -      South American arrow poison, and which was so powerful that the least
old -      old fort. It is a very queer place,--the queerest that ever I was in,
hillside -      A long, sloping hillside, dotted with grey limestone boulders,
carey -      Peter Carey was master of the Sea Unicorn, and I was spare harpooner.
point -      them.' He was very insistent upon this point, and made me promise it
well -      "'Well, Small, what is it?' he asked, taking his cheroot from his
law -      behind us, and we had become felons in the eyes of the law. The
city -      It was already dark when we reached the old University city. Holmes
more -      "Not at all. I should wish nothing better than to have some more of
heath -      reddish yellow band, between the brown of the heath and the budding
began -      Our visitor readjusted his glasses and began:--
milverton -      which had been the messenger of death for Milverton lay, all mottled
fitzroy -      Fitzroy McPherson was the science master, a fine upstanding young
staunton -      disappearance of Godfrey Staunton, and was only inclined to
simpson -      that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit, although, of course, I saw
orchard -      window. The farther wall of the orchard was already invisible, and
station -      appointment outside the station, and we drove in his drag to the
read -      There was something that touched me as I read this letter, something
home -      was away in search of his son. The mother was at home--a little,
quarter -      referred to a higher court. So had the Quarter Sessions, at which he
hope -      "The stable lane?" She raised her dark eyebrows. "What can he hope to
barrow -      Barrow."
crown -      slipped down, got a dog-cart at the Crown Inn, which is opposite, and
how -      days, but there was no wound or bruise upon his person to show how he
lodge -      the door of Briony Lodge. As it pulled up, one of the loafing men at
rise -      sounds had come. At every rise Holmes looked eagerly round him, but
water -      he had never entered the water. Once or twice as I hunted round amid
wish -      confirms all my conclusions. I have the honour, sir, to wish you
moor -      been upon the moor which had not been observed and reported. Always
hope -      can hear him walking away the same as ever. I hope he's not going to
stone -      "It's more than a precious stone. It is the precious stone."
douglas -      met Mr. Douglas in London, he being at that time a widower. She was a
more -      "We must define the situation a little more clearly. It may bear some
more -      hardly more fleshy than that of a skeleton. As he stood, he leaned
walsingham -      it out upon his knee. "'Lord Robert Walsingham de Vere St. Simon,
well -      "Well, then, why this hound should be loose to-night. I suppose that
elms -      breaking out upon the elms, and the sticky spear-heads of the
mason -      "And in some ways a worse one," added White Mason. "The lady has
gloucester -      become my objective. I began my operations at Gloucester Road
rose -      should have done myself. I rose and examined carefully the different
more -      each of the posts of the gate. Still more surprised was he on
paris -      Paris which seemed to solve the whole question.
how -      "The servants," I asked; "how many were in the house?"
more -      the young baronet. Holmes himself had said that no more complex case
windle -      "J. W. Windle D. M. A. O. F.
east -      "From East London. What do you deduce from that?"
lady -      Mrs. Hudson had appeared with a lady's card upon her salver. Holmes
flat -      flat box as she spoke, and showed me six of the finest pearls that I
street -      "There is one at 5.20 from Liverpool Street."
bush -      behind his bush with the dog. I stood unconcernedly swinging a cane
high -      high road along which I travelled.
well -      "Well, well, it's just how you look at it. But if you'll give me six
lady -      necessarily be true. The lady's charming personality must not be
kent -      reputation-- But the lady has fainted! I think that Mr. Kent had
sea -      Sea Unicorn, I might settle the mystery of my father's fate. I tried
stand -      man of affairs it is acknowledged that you stand alone. I trust, sir,
stand -      and stand expectantly. Nothing came out though. When I reached him he
cross -      morning-room.  The coachman saw him cross the hall and enter it.  He
way -      caressing sort of way. "They are not all successes, Watson," said he.
letters -      letters, why should he remain away from you?"
staunton -      "Are you Mr. Godfrey Staunton?"
lady -      plumber, was accused of having abstracted it from the lady's
lane -      go along the road and then turn down a lane. Just beyond it is a nice
wells -      before the crime he had been shopping at Tunbridge Wells. He (Ames)
touch -      and me don't really touch this case."
water -      "From a drop of water," said the writer, "a logician could infer the
lock -      "When you go to bed lock the door of this room on the outside and
hope -      hope for any upon so dry a day. Your servant seems to have quite
turn -      little problem may be submitted to my notice which will in turn
close -      "And yet, my dear Watson, there is so very close a connection that
valley -      the Chosen Valley, gave you a goodly share of land, and allowed you
point -      long, sharp, and black, with a glazed look near the point as though
how -      how he could hide the horse until the race was over, and how he had
douglas -      "You think then, definitely, that Barker and Mrs. Douglas are guilty
stand -      Herald has taken so uncompromising a stand. Mr. Stanger's many
old -      way home he met an old shipmate, and took a long walk with him. On
surrey -      masts and rigging on the Surrey side. "Cruise gently up and down here
how -      "And how have you succeeded?"
chislehurst -      Chislehurst train."
london -      London.
pocket -      whither that hypothesis will lead us. And now here is my pocket
white -      very few white convicts at this settlement, and, as I had behaved
market -      Jonas Pinto, in the Lake Saloon, Market Street, Chicago, in the New
how -      in the pictures of the old masters of the Middle Ages. How a beastman
sea -      drifted off out to sea. I cleaned myself up, got back to land, and
rose -      He rose as he spoke. 'I shall expect you, then, at Eyford at 11.15.'
how -      "How long ago?"
town -      Monday morning found us on our way to the famous university town--an
park -      "This is the place," said he as we came to two high park gates with
real -      palace of Peking. The sight of this would drive a real connoisseur
worth -      "If they are not worth more than the last ones they are not of much
way -      Having had a good look at his man, McMurdo elbowed his way forward
how -      Sarah, and now that Mary has stopped writing we don't know how things
home -      "'I used to be home for the week-ends very often, and sometimes if
winchester -      We were compelled to spend the night at Winchester, as the
shell -      shell of the true roof of the house. There was no furniture of any
rattle -      At that instant there was a clatter and a rattle in the street below.
letters -      "Well, sir, I took no particular notice of his letters. I should not
well -      solution. I know our man too well to suppose that he has left
more -      the poisons which he circulates, we will have no more trouble. But it
city -      arteries which conveyed the traffic of the City to the north and
rocks -      a crevice of the rocks which flanked it on each side so as to keep
old -      young lady, and the dearest old country-house.'
rose -      said Holmes, laughing.  He rose, and throwing off the black cassock
stapleton -      "Thrown there by Stapleton in his flight."
main -      our main inquiry. It would be a very great help to me if you would
north -      We had hardly alighted at North Walsham, and mentioned the name of
toller -      "Mrs. Toller!" cried Miss Hunter.
how -      "How is the glass? Twenty-nine, I see. No wind, and not a cloud in
york -      janitor and sweeper out of the laboratory at York College. One day
how -      how you knew that I owned such a thing."
fence -      expert. "No fence wants stuff of that sort that you can neither melt
musgrave -      returned?' asked Musgrave, pushing back the relic into its linen bag.
began -      light wind from the north and east the bark began to draw slowly away
more -      word--not one word, Mr. Holmes, for six months and more, and he my
well -      then, my boy, and I can't do without you just yet. Well, Watson, it
abbey -      eighteenth-century houses which lie between the river and the Abbey,
lady -      "And the lady, I fancy, is Miss Stoner," observed Holmes, shading his
raw -      Half a tumbler of the raw spirit brought about a wondrous change. He
turn -      round you and you have been used to meeting death at every turn.
more -      steward in the company more thought of; but when on shore, what with
inch -      band nearly an inch across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his
close -      "There is another training-stable quite close, I understand?"
more -      observe, with silver bands, must have cost more than the pipe did
kettle -      kettle upon the stove rose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white
how -      "What! What! How is this, Mr. Holmes?"
more -      deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my
plantation -      down his arms my uncle returned to his plantation, where he remained
keeping -      I felt that the responsibility of keeping them to myself until I
turn -      be to me. When the offer was first made I little thought the turn
rocks -      the black rocks, and listening to the half-human shout which came
touch -      himself that he imagined no one could touch him. He could say to any
sound -      "Listen, Holmes!" There was a sound as if he was shaking the dying
piece -      we deemed to be essential, and then piece them together in their
piece -      You are a connoisseur and collector with a very valuable piece in
weeks -      of these had obviously been closed for many weeks. The other belonged
weeks -      who had been residing for some weeks in the Metropolis. He had stayed
laid -      Holmes, I have laid my hand upon my man. As to this terrible person
letters -      letters in my pocket."
rooms -      employing his extraordinary powers. His rooms were brilliantly lit,
rise -      when we started upon our journey. We saw the cold winter sun rise
way -      my own small way I have also a good many calls upon me. I regret
well -      "Well, why did they want him to do it? Not as a business matter, for
true -      fabrication which simply could not be true. Consider! According to
strode -      manner he bowed solemnly to both of us and strode off upon his way.
stream -      the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with
how -      "How did they draw it?" he asked.
selden -      Selden's death was as Stapleton would have us believe. He will have a
wall -      window. The farther wall of the orchard was already invisible, and
high -      "See now," he continued, as he filled three high glasses. "Let us
walker -      Linder & Co. paid five hundred to be left alone. Walker Brothers sent
sudden -      after shriek of laughter, while I, horrified at this sudden
deal -      surprise. On the deal boards of the carpetless floor there was
way -      way of reconciling all these facts."
point -      "And of course this is all quite a minor point compared to the
wish -      "Just as you wish."
street -      which happened to be the only other cab in the street. We got to the
hill -      Miller Hill is an ill-kept public park in the very centre of the
street -      Shaftesbury Avenue.  We had come out upon Oxford Street and I had
well -      "Well, if there were an outsider, he may be traced and taken. That
more -      I saw no more of Holmes during the day, but I could well imagine how
steps -      "Any steps?" he asked.
ashes -      the charred ashes. If ever you write an account, Watson, you can make
street -      "My dear fellow, you shall keep watch in the street. I'll do the
more -      "There will be no more murders," he said at last, stopping abruptly
well -      "Well, indeed then, Mac," Scanlan answered. "It's not the will but
lodge -      Speaking of that, two brothers from the Merton lodge are coming over
oxshott -      in connection with the Oxshott murder. It will be remembered that Mr.
lodge -      "Thank you. I'm Brother John McMurdo, Lodge 29, Chicago. Bodymaster
southampton -      "He is at present reported from Leicester, Nottingham, Southampton,
old -      to the south. It brought me to the very threshold of the old door.
wish -      I should wish to have a word with you in private."
overton -      link for his chain. We had shaken off Lord Mount-James, and Overton
common -      furniture and pictures were of the most common and vulgar
more -      Was there ever a more mild-mannered, Sunday-school young man?"
stapleton -      Selden's death was as Stapleton would have us believe. He will have a
way -      the door-mat. In that way I didn't know much of what was going on
hole -      ventures out from his hole. It gave me the chills to think of killing
pinner -      Mr. Pinner. I had a hard enough fight to get this berth, and I am
quick -      playing in quick succession a whole series of my favourite airs as a
brunton -      boots were left behind. Where then could butler Brunton have gone in
eye -      The lad continued his work without regarding us. I saw Holmes's eye
london -      quarters, it is impossible for me to be absent from London for an
high -      "Why, Mr. Holmes, when you were crawling in the shrubbery at High
cove -      door. "He's a leary cove that wants watching. I suppose he's not
way -      shuddered to think of that dreadful snap. Easier the other way,
well -      final division of the treasure, he taking the major's share as well
stockdale -      been watching you and Barney Stockdale--"
british -      every mark of being an average commonplace British tradesman, obese,
middlesex -      Middlesex, your card has already shown me that you are a stockbroker
border -      border of the melancholy Daubensee, a large rock which had been
sheet -      Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of his note-book and handed
stone -      At first it was but a lurid spark upon the stone pavement. Then it
ashes -      found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes
den -      had, when the fit was on him, made use of an opium den in the
more -      "A fair dowry. Not more than is usual in my family."
well -      Camford all was well, the peace of the professor's house had been
bow -      shiny top-hat upon the sideboard, and with a slight bow sidled down
common -      under the full market price. It is not a common experience among
steps -      "What steps will you take?" I asked.
kent -      "Exactly--one of the richest men in Kent. Lady Brackenstall is in the
steps -      We heard the door open, a few hurried words, and then quick steps
rose -      with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great
canterbury -      "By no means.  This train stops at Canterbury; and there is always at
mortimer -      Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also;
stone -      near the old stone cross upon the moor. He left them shortly after
more -      "It is more than possible; it is probable," said Holmes. "In that
well -      well from the first, I soon found myself a sort of privileged person.
pocket -      it appears from an envelope which was found in his pocket, was John
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins and I stared in amazement. Something like a sneer
norfolk -      Norfolk home."
mark -      Anything which will define what made that mark will bring us a long
moor -      convict upon the moor. There is strong reason now to believe that he
moor -      the moor during all that time. Of course, so far as his concealment
reach -      it would probably put her forever beyond my reach. Yet it would be a
law -      uttering libel in the eyes of the law--and there lie the glory and
wish -      off all questions with a smile, as one who did not wish to have
rooms -      sauvage!" cried Jules Vibart. The man had rooms somewhere in the
letters -      "That will do," said Holmes. "As to the letters," he continued,
well -      of Melas again.  He is a man of no physical courage, as they are well
stand -      members of this lodge stand together there is no power in the United
tongue -      Ryder passed his tongue over his parched lips. "I will tell you it
wooden -      the entrance. On the right side was a small wooden thicket, which led
high -      We are moving in high life, Watson; crackling paper, 'E.B.' monogram,
how -      how much of the garden was visible; he examined the floor, the
worth -      worth all the news in the world. I have brought you a fortune."
lodge -      Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in
wilson -      singular that I have ever listened to. Perhaps, Mr. Wilson, you would
well -      "I see you speak the truth," said the workman. "But it's well to make
stair -      surprise. Then I turned back and ascended the stair to Holmes's room.
well -      self-absorption and general air of comfortable somnolence. Well, au
reading -      column of print, but I know without reading it that it is all
laid -      red-hot net of wire had been laid across the back, then these better
stream -      before we saw her. Now she was flying down the stream, near in to the
street -      still sharing rooms with Holmes in Baker Street, that he came home
well -      triumphant career at Cambridge. He was, I remember, extremely well
mere -      to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere
letters -      visitors, that prompting must have come in letters. Hence I try to
london -      occupation is gone.  He is lost if he returns to London.  If I read
way -      "It's this way, Mr. Holmes. As I have said, I am the skipper of the
stapleton -      were left with a strong suspicion against Stapleton. Mrs. Stapleton
well -      "Mrs. Rucastle seemed to me to be colourless in mind as well as in
worth -      "I think anything out of the ordinary routine of life well worth
lincoln -      suggestion of hunger and rapacity. An Abraham Lincoln keyed to base
camden -      "Exactly. We are in Camden House, which stands opposite to our own
more -      "But I understand that it is something more modern and practical upon
well -      and hung with matted hair, it might well have belonged to one of
well -      word of Greek.  The lady could talk English fairly well.
more -      "Only one more question, Dr. Mortimer. You say that before Sir
forth -      small, vicious eyes darting pure malignancy as they looked forth upon
lady -      me! But it's the lady, Mary--Mary Fraser--for never will I call her
wing -      inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr.
close -      "You're mighty close about this affair, Mr. Holmes. What's the game
steps -      us. The steps grew louder, and through the fog, as through a curtain,
lady -      "It is a romance!" cried Mrs. Forrester. "An injured lady, half a
more -      "But not more so than I to find you."
strand -      "American Exchange, Strand--to be left till called for. They are both
way -      "All right. Have your way." He sat down at the table and scribbled a
douglas -      before, when Douglas first came to Birlstone. He understood that Mr.
more -      times more deadly.
salt -      departed from Salt Lake City. John Ferrier's heart was sore within
canterbury -      At Canterbury, therefore, we alighted, only to find that we should
letters -      be 'COME.' I tried all other four letters ending in E, but could find
lodge -      Lodge, Hampstead.
how -      Mr. James M. Dodd seemed somewhat at a loss how to begin the
more -      "One moment, Lestrade," said Holmes. "Half an hour more or less can
water -      what they referred. The recurring words, "water pressure" and
way -      upon our way to London. Not a word would our captive say; but he
touch -      again, and along it to the further end where at a touch from the
how -      my father how he could allow such a wretch to take such liberties
vicarage -      oil as that used at the vicarage, and he carefully timed the period
way -      established a right of way through the centre of old Middleton's
lady -      "Do not ring, Lady Hilda. If you do, then all my earnest efforts to
coat -      coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat. He
sound -      couple of clamps. There was a rending, tearing sound as it gave way,
box -                The Adventure of the Cardboard Box
how -      "Well, that is clear enough, certainly. But how about the foresight
flash -      flash of her eyes said more than any words.
old -      Frances Carfax and only found a poor old woman of ninety."
old -      to attack me. I have said that he was a gaunt, fierce old giant, and
comfort -      full of hope, to find some peace, some comfort, and instead--" She
law -      "Come, come," said Baynes cheerily, "I think better of the law than
box -      accident that I had touched the box, but all the evening I was
how -      "How did you word your inquiries?"
county -      Hurlstone is perhaps the oldest inhabited building in the county.
more -      "You have to face it, Mr. Ferguson. It is the more painful because it
douglas -      "Indeed, yes, Mr. Douglas," said Sherlock Holmes, "I am sure that you
walls -      coats-of-arms upon the walls, all dim and sombre in the subdued light
white -      with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great
start -      our facts correct before we start. If we go over them it will help
grey -      dull grey plumage and a black top-knot.
charles -      that the same man had been the last who had seen Sir Charles alive,
white -      "That's the window," said White Mason, "that one on the immediate
old -      "It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the
catch -      "Witness: He mumbled a few words, but I could only catch some
horner -      "Precisely so, on December 22nd, just five days ago. John Horner, a
oldacre -      "I arrest you for the wilful murder of Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower
dundee -      "Dundee, I suppose?"
well -      "Capital!" said Holmes. "Well, then, I should recommend a nice,
wish -      to have the light at her back. She did not wish us to read her
warren -      That is two days after Mrs. Warren's lodger arrived. It sounds
bridge -      Passing down the Waterloo Bridge Road we crossed over the river, and
how -      "Securities! How could they dispose of those?"
stand -      once again you know exactly how we stand, and it is clear that I must
rooms -      I was living in my own rooms in Queen Anne Street at the time, but I
success -      "One cannot always have the success for which one hopes. An
kennington -      "In Kennington Road, and within a few hundred yards of Morse Hudson's
wall -      and loaded the rusty old shotgun which hung upon the wall of his
lane -      to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the lane. I
fordingbridge -      yesterday evening, bearing the Fordingbridge post-mark. My father
how -      "Good God!" gasped John Ferrier. "How you scared me! Whatever made
tiptoe -      smoke. Holmes entered on tiptoe, waited for me to follow, and then
more -      the more intimate acquaintance of my two companions and in playing
twenty -      down twenty times over if he had been a man of my own age. I tell
more -      "I've nothing more to say to you, except that when my time comes I'll
hope -      while Jefferson Hope led the other along the precipitous and
weeks -      "Ah," said he, "I forgot that I had not seen you for some weeks. It
eccles -           The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles
home -      fellow comes you will follow him home. But no indiscretion, and,
main -      "The main thing with people of that sort," said Holmes, as we sat in
oath -      asking me to break my oath?"
eccles -      the remarkable experience of our client, Scott Eccles. Now, my dear
more -      was of a more unpleasant nature, and one which I am not likely ever
more -      more than interesting--it's just wonderful. But let us have it a
whetstone -      But apart from this I had uses. I was a whetstone for his mind. I
how -      "Yes, he has been here. I understand that you don't know him. ... How
charles -      had opened his campaign against Charles Augustus Milverton; but I
stair -      A heavy step was heard ascending the stair, with a great wheezing and
shade -      vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the
catch -      to catch and slaughter one of the moor sheep. We think, therefore,
rooms -      "Then how do you know about his rooms?"
north -      the north of Ireland, and, to the best of Miss Cushing's belief, from
close -      "We are close there now," my friend remarked. "This fellow
oxford -      two theatre-goers homeward bound. In Oxford Street we picked up a
bank -      estate, and of some Â£14,000, which lay to his credit at the bank."
grange -      The household of the Abbey Grange were much surprised at our return,
well -      locked as well, and the key was not there. This barricaded door
main -      into the main street. "Quite a little parlour game--sort of
crow -      into a loud crow of delight.
lady -                The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax
hope -      "Only one little gleam of hope did I get--and yet it amounted to
more -      there shall be no more nightly visits, no more doings which are kept
city -      of the great city. The beating of drums, the rattle of tomtoms, and
green -      "Ah! She's not that old green launch with a yellow line, very broad
more -      It is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and I have more than once
park -      park. It's as well, or he'd have had the drop on me with that
lady -      clear, if only my own sight had not been dimmed. At eight the Lady
south -      covered (and still covers) the south wall she came down from under
mark -      enough, was the bullet mark!"
old -      "The first battalion of the Royal Munsters (which is the old 117th)
settle -      Sea Unicorn, I might settle the mystery of my father's fate. I tried
how -      Tregennis, you withdrew as you had come. Now, Dr. Sterndale, how do
how -      which has already run to too great a length by telling how we broke
more -      More than once I've sworn off coming for that reason, and then he
village -      The village shop provided a ball of stout twine.
america -      bearing upon my uncle's life in America. Some of them were of the war
lady -      in health, he and his wife had returned to London, and Lady Frances
sound -      twice he caught the sound of his own name, and he knew that they were
how -      actual criminal? You see how we come at once upon a most fruitful
county -      had long been notorious in the county, but he was unable to find any
began -      to be disgusted with me now, and the gap between us began to be wider
how -      "Thank you," said Holmes, "I only wished to ask you how you would go
street -      operating from the street, where my friend Lestrade and his merry men
touches -      of Lestrade's pencil as he gave the finishing touches to his
village -      "There's the village," said the driver, pointing to a cluster of
more -      as written and show my feelings and suspicions of the moment more
well -      "Well, what is it?"
well -      "Well, half a glass. It is very hot for the time of year; and I have
brixton -      'Inspector Stanley Hopkins, 46, Lord Street, Brixton. Come breakfast
well -      "Well, this gets me!" cried the inspector. "What was it, Mr. Holmes?
stone -      roofed with stone, with no creeper to break its harsh outline.
more -      "Thank you; that will do," said Holmes. "Oh, one more word. You have
farnham -      of it. On Monday you will arrive early at Farnham; you will conceal
derby -      mad keen upon winning the Derby. He is in the hands of the Jews, and
stout -      "Are you of stout heart?"
pocket -      From the pocket of his light summer overcoat protruded the bundle of
hole -      the hole, and there it lies. He computes the value of the jewels at
pinner -      interview with Mr. Arthur Harry Pinner in the temporary offices of
british -      British; but the man himself was undoubtedly an American."
well -      "Ah, well, there is no great mystery in that. But you will know all
success -      any success.  Holmes had slipped away, but he came back in a few
sutherland -      A flush stole over Miss Sutherland's face, and she picked nervously
britannia -      "She might almost personify Britannia," said he, "with her complete
sheet -      the lantern I saw a body swathed in a sheet from head to foot, with
boot -      "Ah!  He has left two nail-marks from his boot upon your linoleum
battle -      life-long battle against crime.
laid -      down; only just laid there. We had occasion to raise it. We found--"
hope -      "Is Mr. Trelawney Hope at home?"
law -      do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so
how -      Sir Henry opened his eyes. "How was that?"
sound -      sound which she imagined to be the slamming of a door. That was a
london -      of London.
south -      fled with a sinister reputation to South America, where he was said
stone -      must slip round with the stone to Lime Street and tell him."
home -      names of the people. I want you to take it home with you, and to mark
glass -      envelope. Finally, he examined with his glass the word upon the wall,
street -      impatience and continued to stare into the street. More than once he
spring -      Next moment I saw them spring apart and turn hurriedly round.
how -      "How can we have when I saw him with my own eyes with the coronet in
village -      village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of
ross -      Colonel Ross, his fortunate owner. Up to the time of the catastrophe
old -      "She is very old and deaf, and we can get no information from her.
stone -      we have the stone?"
charles -      "Not on the very day of Sir Charles's death?"
wall -      blood, and the writing on the wall, and the ring, they may all be so
way -      was twisted or swollen or disfigured in some strange way. The
how -      to leave a bottle half empty. How do all these unusuals strike you,
central -      central figure. A weary-looking police-sergeant reclined in the
white -      vicious, malignant, with shifty, light-grey eyes and white eyelashes.
way -      "Suppose that Cadogan West wished to make his way into the building
how -      "How came you there?" asked Holmes.
twenty -      to England, and we bought country estates. For more than twenty years
turn -      natural to their class.  But, none the less, my turn that way is in
roman -      contented by the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser--
high -      "'I suppose it is impossible to find out how high the elm was?' I
old -      my old arm-chair in my own old room, and only wishing that I could
way -      out Hampstead way, 17 Potter's Terrace. Well, I was sitting doing a
how -      "I'll take your advice. But how did you know of this place, Mr.
valley -      Valley. But we could do with some lads like you. I can't understand a
steep -      tried to steep my soul in its gentle balm, a strange incident
more -      and I had stretched out my hand to examine it more closely when--
more -      Had Holmes never existed I could not have done more, though he may
close -      shot was fired from close quarters."
turn -      found that I must turn my hand to something for my living. Driving
mere -      are. But that is a mere detail. I have taken you fully into my
woodley -      odious man, Mr. Woodley. He was always hideous, but he looks more
common -      seemed to represent that not too common type, a nobleman who is in
well -      been useless as well as foolish to do otherwise, for I was nearly as
how -      shadow seemed to pass from my soul. I did not know how this Agra
stones -      side, springing over the stones in his way with the activity of a
slack -      each--fourteen pounds a week, and this is the slack season. I am a
home -      the ship and came home, thinking what a surprise it would be for my
reach -      not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are
well -      very well suited for such a crime as they had planned. It was on the
mere -      a long, deep, reed-girt sheet of water. Thor Mere it is called. In
white -      can see the two of them now as they stood, the white man with his
how -      threatened by a very real and imminent danger. How do you go back?"
barnes -      heraldic griffins towering above them. "About midday, Mr. Barnes
lodge -      day's work. I still heard all the news from Pondicherry Lodge, and
moor -      there, or he might be prowling on the moor. My nerves tingled with
old -      The old man had just finished his lunch, and certainly his empty dish
rooms -      Sir Henry in his rooms until nearly three o'clock in the morning, but
kent -      and peaceful, to all appearance, as Surrey or Kent; the next there
how -      "How else can we explain her frenzied anxiety that her second one
home -      abruptly; and in the carriage, on our way home, she seemed absurdly
well -      enough. Well, you and your pals have just come in time for me to be
began -      began?"
botany -      astronomy, and politics were marked at zero, I remember. Botany
quick -      every human being in the house to the spot as quick as they can run,
richmond -      who will work up as far as Richmond. If no news comes to-day, I shall
box -      bed beside him. By it he laid the box of matches and the stump of a
how -      "Let's hear again how he squealed," they cried.
shawl -      rifle, and also a large bundle tied up in a grey shawl, which he had
sudden -      delirium. A man dying from a sudden blow does not commonly become
laid -      copy, and here it is." He unfolded a paper and laid it upon the
cambridge -      "Yes; I think we must run down to Cambridge together. All the
euston -      I feared that they were going to shift their quarters. At Euston
yonder -      though, for these chairs were all swept over yonder, and he had one
lady -      dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. So far as
well -      "Well, I am glad from my heart that you are here, for indeed the
van -      I met an empty van coming up the lane, and saw a pile of carpets and
mitton -      Mitton had been in Lucas's employment for three years. It was
way -      evident from the way in which he took his wife with him in the
stapleton -      "I had a school," said Stapleton. "It was in the north country. The
read -      read it; for nothing else will fit the facts."
tore -      out in a paroxysm of energy. He tore the drugget from the floor, and
sheet -      Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the Daily Telegraph,
well -      but a staunch hound on a scent. Well, Pompey, you may not be fast,
london -      suppose that you are the detectives from London?" said he.
lady -      of the front door. "What was the fair lady's game? What did she
dartmoor -      "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon.
douglas -      Douglas had suddenly sold out and started for England. He was a
stone -      unfortunate soldier stone dead in a pool of his own blood.
hole -      scratches all round the hole,--marks where the key has slipped. What
how -      How did you hear of him? Why did you come to me?"
field -      specialist, whose occupation has gone. With that man in the field
ashes -      charred ashes of the overnight fire lay in the grate. On the table
how -      thrust over my mouth, but I have no notion how long I may have been
how -      impulse might come upon her? How can I ever forget how she rose from
common -      but his common sense had shown him that he must yield if he would
london -      called upon Eccles at the other end of London on the very day after
lady -      with the young lady at the Blue Anchor, and receiving hard somethings
more -      "This occasion is the more welcome. It is not leprosy."
white -      a little coal black negress, with all her white teeth flashing in
harwich -      when I got your wire asking me to meet you at Harwich with the car.
ham -      ham and eggs first."
station -      the little dim-lit station after eleven o'clock. I was the only
green -      peeped out from amid the light green of the new foliage.
wood -      in the wood where it had been pushed in.
white -      is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor. I
douglas -      corroborated by Mrs. Douglas. Therefore she is lying also. They are
lane -      lane there was the negro prize-fighter standing in the shadow. We
wish -      you wish to indulge your filthy habits. Mrs. Merrilow has an
more -      Never have I seen my friend more completely taken aback than by the
tottenham -      jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court
ridge -      Birlstone Ridge over the Weald are very remarkable. No doubt lunch
hope -      swear as I hope for mercy.
old -      old, but there was a dead-white tinge in his aquiline face which told
hope -      "Yes, I am off," said Jefferson Hope, who had risen from his seat.
clouds -      a breeze, and clouds were scudding across the sky, obscuring from
how -      "Ain't I a proof myself? If I stood before her and told her how he
barking -      reach of the river, with Barking Level upon one side and the
box -      tin box must be returned to him, but, of course, the securities which
lady -      nitrates. The lady was very beautiful, but the fact of her foreign
angle -      different angle. I rather fancy that Shinwell Johnson might be a
more -      turn to you Watson, for something more solid."
clouds -      the moon peeped out for an instant, but clouds were driving over the
meadows -      hills and green meadows of which seemed the more beautiful when
london -      London?"
mason -      Mr. Mason shuffled uncomfortably.
how -      lips is like leather, but I guess I'd best let you know how the cards
way -      account.' I could see no other way out of it, so we did as he
plains -      wild-looking herdsmen from the plains. In her impatience she
street -      door, and the spokesman of the street Arabs, young Wiggins,
way -      them dry. The fellow is a genius in his way, and would have made his
wish -      probably wish to go over the outside of the house again. Perhaps I
old -      the fashion of old country-houses. A brown chest of drawers stood in
stout -      stout, florid-faced, elderly gentleman with fiery red hair. With an
london -      the coolest and most daring criminals in London. He was doing
well -      "Well, everywhere. They were at the morass, and again on the path,
halfway -      We had not got halfway to the door before she had overtaken us and
true -      shell of the true roof of the house. There was no furniture of any
rooms -      confirm our own deductions.  His visitor, on entering his rooms, had
quick -      could see his quick gray eyes darting their questioning glances in
sudden -      friend's death, lest someone should forestall me in a more sudden and
true -      together. But if this is true, then the case is at an end. On the one
cambridge -      Cambridge. I picked it out from among the papers upon his desk."
way -      an effective way."
more -      the world. The longer one stays here the more does the spirit of the
latimer -      that momentary glimpse of trees and a garden.  Mr. Latimer followed
read -      the floor. I picked it up and read:--
gang -      Colonel concealed that even when the Moriarty gang was broken up we
lady -      Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope that Sherlock Holmes inquired. We were
rooms -      rooms, although I continually visited him and occasionally even
woodley -      Woodley was a very different person, but, except on one occasion, he
tore -      lay upon the table and tore the lid from it. Out there fell a cascade
deal -      pay a good deal of attention to matters of detail, as you may have
north -      accompany Dr. Huxtable back to the North of England. And now, Dr.
london -      "And that ring went with him to London?"
ball -      queer lot of things which he took from Acton's--what was it?--a ball
athelney -      of the deceased. By a singular piece of good fortune, Mr. Athelney
lodge -      maintained a continual watch over Pondicherry Lodge--he could hardly
town -      up to town and I do not intend to return. Mr. Carruthers has got a
old -      set by certain forgotten peoples in the days of old. The moon was
west -      "There is a well-known agency for governesses in the West End called
piece -      "Are you--are you sure of this piece of intelligence?" stammered
beer -      "Your beer should be excellent if it is as good as your geese," said
lane -      were the circumstances of the Park Lane Mystery, which were further
hound -      rushed out with the hound he was gone, and though he ran all round
wish -      wish to commit you to anything without your having it all laid before
more -      in the dining-room. Holmes had still more startling surprise for us,
wilson -      Pope--down to his arrest of Wilson, the notorious canary-trainer,
mortimer -      "The exact date is 1742." Dr. Mortimer drew it from his
how -      "How do you know?" he gasped, sitting down heavily in his chair.
scotland -      "Anyhow, I'd rather have you than Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes," said
more -      made the white face of her companion the more worn and haggard by the
success -      "Do not imagine," said Holmes, "that I depend for my success in this
stapleton -      help me. One was Mr. Stapleton, a neighbour and intimate friend of
close -      Finally he asked the chief clerk to close the iron shutters, and he
street -      account, so far down Queer Street that he may never find his way back
lodge -      already upon two sets of foreigners--one at Wisteria Lodge and one at
more -      such a day and at such an hour. But I take it that it is more likely
moor -      is a peculiarly desolate plain. A few moor farmers have small
cunningham -      "Have you heard the news, sir?" he gasped. "At the Cunningham's sir!"
well -      "Well, my boy, what do you make of this lot?" he asked, smiling at my
blandford -      houses, which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford
well -      "Well?" said he.
more -      and instructive," said he. "Have you no more to add? Surely, having
more -      "I am in hopes of getting it. That is why I am here. The more I think
well -      would suffer. Well, no word was ever heard from him again. Both the
flat -      concealment. All this country that I passed over to-night is as flat
more -      I am bound to say that I consider these men to be more than a match
pinner -      "'Really, I hardly know how to express my gratitude, Mr. Pinner,'
moor -      we emerged from the boggy portion of the moor. Following the path
dull -      that the light was hazy and uncertain, giving a dull grey tinge to
press -      press, and the runaways will think that every one is off on the wrong
tone -      it was in a husky unnatural tone.
sudden -      had led us to fear, and it ended in a very sudden and singular
keeping -      absolutely depend upon my discretion and my co-operation in keeping
stream -      for a stream of dark-colored liquid had trickled out from it, and the
tiptoe -      a man walk on tiptoe down the alley?"
cargo -      up by a trader which was going from Singapore to Jiddah with a cargo
way -      a very long way. Sherlock Holmes was never at fault, however, and he
settle -      "Well, you can imagine how hard it was to settle down to arduous work
well -      "Well, then, to-night?"
lodge -      honour to be chosen to help the lodge."
stone -      that keyhole. Here is the stone."
more -      if we can do no more."
pocket -      matter. The girl drew a key from her pocket, and the heavy oaken
sudden -      the sudden, changeable fancy of a boy, but rather the wild, fierce
wooden -      armchair beside the bed, a plain wooden chair against the wall, a
more -      "This is all very well," said I, "but the thing becomes more
town -      among the distractions of town would send him back a new man. Mr.
hilton -      the certainty that Hilton Cubitt had fired the first shot. Of Mrs.
victoria -      just be in time for the last to Victoria.'
steps -      "By the steps, my boy. Yours are worn three inches deeper than his.
street -      shoulder. As he reached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out
more -      cold night, and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for
mark -      put the mark upon the wall during the night, either with his own hand
lady -      severe example of the Lady Eva I should find all of them much more
keeping -      out without keeping a sharp watch, and no one could have escaped our
charles -      power of attachment. Poor Sir Charles's head was of a very rare type,
sundial -      sundial.'"
way -      "As he spoke he opened a door and showed the way into a room which
way -      any words of mine to influence him. There was but one way for it. I
canal -      Australia, somewhere to the south of the Suez Canal. Her officers
old -      pulled up every night because it was the ancient custom of the old
simpson -      lined with plain two-storied brick houses.  "Ah, here is Simpson to
old -      and, dropping from branch to branch, he squatted down into the old
stand -      them. They preferred to stand together and jabber all night in their
moss -      sun-baked wall mottled with lichens and topped with moss, the sort of
dingle -      Lord Harringby, The Dingle; Sir George Ffolliott, Oxshott Towers; Mr.
quick -      There was a quick step on the stairs, a sharp tap at the door, and a
middle -      behind him. This he placed in the middle of the floor and, squatting
old -      to think of this old scandal gaining a new lease of life. Did you
clouds -      slate-coloured clouds hung low over the landscape, trailing in gray
hope -      room. "Good-morning, Colonel," said he; "I hope I don't intrude, but
rooms -      Rooms have been reserved for you at the Brambletye Hotel, so we can
more -      I had heard him mention the case more than once, though I had never
plymouth -      decorators and furnishers up from Plymouth, and it is evident that
gravel -      gravel from a pit.'
abbey -      "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent,
porlock -      Porlock is important, not for himself, but for the great man with
norwood -      Oldacre, I stayed at an hotel in Norwood, and came to my business
how -      how large were those schemes of reconstruction and improvement which
stapleton -      "No doubt. There only remains one difficulty. If Stapleton came into
street -      followed down Baker Street and along--"
more -      old lady, Watson. I was never more convincing. He actually picked up
more -      Holmes when we were back in the roar of central London once more. "I
pocket -      pocket here which you will take to my brother. You will find him at
true -      "Hum! We will talk about that. And now let us hear a true account of
how -      for example, to see how far the windows of the bedrooms command the
scotland -      Herder will embellish the Scotland Yard Museum, and once again Mr.
mortimer -      "What do you make of it, Dr. Mortimer? You must allow that there is
stair -      stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back
how -      The baronet and I were both upon our feet. "Do you know how he died?"
boot -      this anxiety to obtain an old boot and this indifference to a new
sound -      it was very loudly raised. The sound from a shotgun is to some extent
cornwall -      peaceful Cornwall, visitors did not arrive after ten o'clock at
how -      sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to
well -      "Well, there seems to me to be only one possible solution. Mr.
central -      Central!" he cried.
well -      though I shall take him unawares, it is as well to be ready for
more -      some ghastly presence constantly haunted him, and on more than one
touch -      leave you this card so that you may be able to keep in touch with us.
way -      faded also it might have been easier. But you know the wonderful way
more -      seen a pair which bespoke a more intense inward life, so bright were
lodge -           Lodge 341, Vermissa
way -      strange way as before. The wolfhound was out now, barking furiously,
well -      tin box, and that he could afford now to pay me well for keeping my
how -      "How far to Wallington?" he asked.
well -      "Well, if we can't we can't," said Holmes, cheerfully.
way -      deprecate, however, in the strongest way the attempts which have been
real -      to personate someone, and the real person is imprisoned in this
more -      more still he has set by himself, for he is of a low nature and
pocket -      pocket. There goes your last shred of evidence. But you have the
station -      followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only
compass -      and one of biscuits, and a compass. Prendergast threw us over a
kent -      "Near Lee, in Kent. We have a seven-mile drive before us."
rooms -      up to my rooms and asked me to accompany him in a cab which was
court -      Warren is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court
more -      "Nothing could be more unlike."
wish -      last three days that my memory has quite returned. Sometimes I wish
street -      Tunbridge Wells, and I got a glimpse of a man in the street. It was
pocket -      face to face. He had drawn a letter from his pocket.
more -      even more interesting than the first. It may be that the solution of
how -      "How can we return it?" Holmes muttered. "Quick, quick, we must think
south -      large sums of money in South African speculation. More wise than
street -      probable in your rooms at Baker Street. Mrs. Rucastle is not mad. I
piece -      piece of white paper folded up out of his waistcoat pocket. 'See that
height -      unaccounted for. Among other things, he found that the height of the
lady -      "What do you think that this unfortunate lady died of, then?"
laid -      "You seem to expect company. They have laid for five."
ham -      to the ham and eggs. Then he rose, lit his pipe, and settled himself
lady -      upon the red cord with which the lady had been secured. Then he
baldwin -      know this Baldwin. You don't know McGinty and his Scowrers."
hampstead -      last night at Hampstead."
well -      night, for their purpose. Well, Watson, we shall see who will win in
more -      assumes a more sinister aspect as we proceed. This much we can say:
sound -      was surely from the street that the faint sound had come.
simpson -      others. The Simpson incident had shown me that a dog was kept in the
chatham -      had been seen by some children on the Chatham Road the previous
amberley -      chess-playing doctor. Amberley excelled at chess--one mark, Watson,
way -      could not have carried out two deaths in such a way as to deceive a
more -      "Oh, a trusty comrade is always of use; and a chronicler still more
turn -      these times a poor woman like me can't afford to turn down a chance
more -      the better; for he is as strong a man as I, and I may have more than
cambridge -      didn't know Godfrey Staunton, the crack three-quarter, Cambridge,
edge -      the very edge of the furnaces and the slag heaps. Here they were,
california -      "Alice is her name. She is an American and came from California with
high -      murderer was a man. He was more than six feet high, was in the prime
street -      Street, one of the smaller offshoots from the Edgware Road, within a
cross -      the last rays of the sun were gilding the cross upon the summit of
well -      Italian quarter. Well, this dead man had some Catholic emblem round
lock -      "Is there a cellar with a good strong lock?"
moor -      to catch and slaughter one of the moor sheep. We think, therefore,
charles -      was no one in Charles Street, but a great traffic was going on, as
steps -      and when they came to the head of the steps he gave him a shove and a
pocket -      took his revolver from his drawer and slipped it into his pocket. It
fence -      understand, where the fellow scaled the fence. Let us have a look at
baldwin -      Baldwin stood with his hands on his hips looking at McMurdo. "Who is
more -      have no more to do with you.'
edge -      edge of yellow membrane showed that our victim was beneath it. A
bare -      gaiety. Beside it was a bare flagstaff, and underneath it a man, his
dull -      an Amati. As for myself, I was silent, for the dull weather and the
way -      account, so far down Queer Street that he may never find his way back
box -      We never quite matched that particular pistol--but the box was made
more -      events once more. Just give us some short sketch of the essentials."
gang -      purse and watch if it hadn't been for him. They were a gang, and a
lady -      times when all of us are afraid of him. I am sure that the poor lady
point -      to be. On the contrary, from his point of view, any sudden chance
tone -      tone, but she could not help observing that he paid unusual care to
deal -      unimpeachable. We have done a good deal in this direction during the
chesterfield -      front of us, and marked the position of the Chesterfield high road.
more -      "It may cause him to be more cautious, or it may drive him to
old -      attractions to me also. My old friend, Colonel Hayter, who had come
moor -      Lower Gill Moor that we must hope for results. The police have really
street -      Months in the Jungle, 1884. Address: Conduit Street. Clubs: The
strand -      "Strand post-mark and dispatched ten-thirty-six," said Holmes,
east -      which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge.
worth -      life would not have been worth an hour's purchase; for I have used it
summit -      The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill,
more -      Inspector MacDonald had grown steadily more impressed as the
way -      inside, and get away in the way that he originally came. As a minor
more -      few days. Now, if you feel a little more composed, I should be glad
street -      the centre of Baker Street it had been ploughed into a brown crumbly
point -      insisting upon this point in my description. My own face is a narrow
more -      More and more brandy was poured down his throat, each fresh dose
pool -      pool--"
lodge -      there was the branded mark of the lodge upon his forearm. See here!"
charles -      utmost importance that Sir Charles's heir should settle at the Hall
charles -      constructed, the first fruit of Sir Charles's South African gold.
waterloo -      whole way. We rattled across Waterloo Bridge and through miles of
church -      service and make a scene in the church? I glanced at him again, and
eye -      caught my eye, and, raising my hand, I found that it came from the
america -      really anxious to acquire an estate in America?"
laid -      so serious a charge is laid against her, and when her own mouth, poor
kennington -      carried out by Stimson and Co., of the Kennington Road, who will bury
how -      him how matters stood and we continued the case together."
steel -      steel. She has the face of the most beautiful of women, and the mind
well -      "Well, it's your choice. I guess you know how to run your own
how -      "And how do you consider that all this bears upon the general case?"
sheet -      glimmered dully like a sheet of lead. The place was deserted and
old -      "'Bless you, sir, I know where all my old friends are,' said the
cavendish -      Cavendish, and the Bagatelle card clubs. It was shown that after
way -      Mr. Holmes. What is the use of our speculating in this way when the
street -      the physician's residence in Brook Street, one of those sombre,
deal -      "Yes, I bicycle a good deal, Mr. Holmes, and that has something to do
point -      "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. I appreciated that point, and I conjectured
catch -      other wing. We were just in time to catch a glimpse of the tall,
boot -      depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after the
park -      through the park until the whole village outside the gates was
lock -      put all his weight upon the lock. It creaked and groaned, but did not
street -      congenial surroundings of Baker Street. Without his scrap-books, his
london -      his intention of starting next day for London, and had ordered
coat -      heavy broadcloth frock coat and waistcoat, with light-coloured
london -      and drabs and slate-greys of London. Holmes and I walked along the
pocket -      pocket, and presented the whole case as he had done upon the morning
bridge -      you is, how did he ever get into the house at all if the bridge was
rose -      soon the moor rose into a long, heather-tufted curve, and we left the
white -      Next morning, after breakfast, we found Inspector MacDonald and White
more -      more and passing his hand over his high white forehead, "you can
victoria -      whipped up the horse and rattled off to Victoria Station.  On my
moor -      bowl-shaped depression in the moor, and at the bottom of this was
hope -      hope was returning, I accompanied my friend in a walk round the
stripes -      tyres were Palmer's, leaving longitudinal stripes. Aveling, the
sound -      and yet I could twist the sound into no other sense. Then he half
reach -      "To the right of the Sierra Blanco--so we shall reach the Rio
more -      Yet, though looked at with some curiosity and reserve by his more
moat -      until I could see two dark figures upon the other side of the moat. I
reach -      do to reach the heart of the mystery.
mason -      be our London acquaintance, Mr. John Mason, the trainer.
town -      risen. Everybody was out of town, and I yearned for the glades of the
sudden -      sudden death. So long as that other manuscript was in the world there
well -      "Well, we are quite in your hands, Mr. Holmes," said old Cunningham.
howard -                                  Howard Garrideb
kennington -      ourselves in Kennington Lane, having borne away through the
rock -      ledge of rock above this strange couple there stood three solemn
van -      zinc pail. Leonardo was waiting at the corner of the big van which we
pool -      beautiful pellucid green pool as clear as crystal. A line of rocks
lady -      the lady's sleeve with as little sentiment as if she were a Notting
lewisham -      our arrival, but we found a message waiting that he was at Lewisham
village -      in the village. I simply asked if they knew anything of my old
america -      was some idea that he had got away to America. Now that we know the
more -      future. She returned to her father's house more light-hearted than
well -      "Well, I chose August for the word, and 1914 for the figures, and
london -      own good? Go back to London! Start to-night! Get away from this place
hatherley -      "From Hatherley Farm-house to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a
worth -      it? The only question was whether it was still there. It was worth an
start -      may start with a strong presumption that Colonel Openshaw had some
street -      "You haven't seen about Baker Street, then?"
bristol -      and before he even knew that you had returned from Bristol?
sea -      "I think a year at sea would be my prescription for Master Jacky,"
station -      description attracted much attention at Charing Cross Station on
more -      had better say no more than that it was a name which is a household
way -      door, and knowing his way he walked straight into your room the
true -      "What I say is true," Holmes answered. "The money cannot be found.
way -      There was one way and only one in which he offended the
read -      read them.
well -      well-dressed man about town. This fellow, a Lascar, was well paid by
worth -      dear. I hope you'll prove worth it. You couldn't come any other
more -      If ever I permit you to chronicle any more of my little problems,
rose -      soul. Not a whisper, not a rustle, rose now from the dark figure over
reach -      bed, and the alarm did not reach them until just before the police
battlefield -      never failed him on the battlefield and has become a weak, doddering
barney -      "Suppose I tell you that it was Barney Stockdale to whom you spoke?"
home -      It was a quarter-past nine when I started from home and made my way
point -      certain. From this point we can see the entrance of the yard, and
van -      "And who bought the ironworks of Manson and of Shuman and of Van
plantation -      among a plantation of small trees, I close at his heels, and our
wall -      wall, and I thought I might need it before I was through. Then at
deptford -      Deptford Reach, and up again after rounding the Isle of Dogs. The
moor -      Murphy, a gipsy horse-dealer, was on the moor at no great distance at
dunlop -      for. At the spot where we saw the last of the Dunlop tyre it might
musgrave -                                THE MUSGRAVE RITUAL
steps -      cardinal points by my pocket-compass. Ten steps with each foot took
lyons -      "Exactly. She married an artist named Lyons, who came sketching on
wish -      from his gossip, but now I began to wish to hear more of it. I had
read -      "Apparently," said I as I read the following report:
lady -      "Ah, what has happened to the Lady Frances? Is she alive or dead?
hope -      had died away in the distance, Jefferson Hope sprang to his feet, and
hope -      the love affair. He made a journey abroad in the hope of breaking
way -      way to the stranger. Rank reeds and lush, slimy water-plants sent an
blackheath -      to the Blackheath Station and had caught my train there when, just as
downs -      downs five miles from Eastbourne, where his time is divided between
street -      was round at Baker Street before the time named. Sharp to the
hales -      kill William Hales of Stake Royal, one of the best known and most
sovereign -      sovereign for your trouble. Just step into this room and wait there
steps -      upon what he was doing that he never heard our steps as we stole
way -      has been in no way dragged into the matter. His motives are, to the
moor -      soon the moor rose into a long, heather-tufted curve, and we left the
glass -      whitening of the nose where it was pressed against the glass. It was
eye -      run my eye through it.
wish -      wish to say? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and
well -      work well done.
bridge -      Vauxhall Bridge Road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently.
way -      "I am going to force my way in and see for myself who is in the
lawn -      worked the lawn very carefully for signs and traces, but this drought
more -      had scrawled some more of his pictures under the line which I had
forth -      which was poured forth with extraordinary vigour and earnestness,
turn -      "You will visit each of these in turn."
county -      marking upon the clothes. A cycle map of the county lay on his
high -      the right track, for the moon had not yet risen, and the high cliffs
rise -      would pass a dying man who, however weak, had no rise of pulse or
sandy -      he gave it to Sandy Bain, the jockey, and told him to take the dog to
hook -      out on my own hook. I may have a laugh at them if I have nothing
more -      "There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact," he answered,
coast -      upon the Portuguese coast, some leagues to the north of Oporto. The
more -      "I fancy old Frankland allows her a pittance, but it cannot be more,
how -      Stanger of the Herald. You've seen how he's been opening his mouth
way -      I was amazed at the calm way in which he rippled on. "Surely there is
elm -      Ritual would then be fulfilled. And the shadow of the elm must mean
pool -      which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool.
brook -      the physician's residence in Brook Street, one of those sombre,
how -      "But how came the window to be shut and fastened?"
old -      with it the old cruel Italian spirit. He wrote to me and sent me a
well -      would be as well to have answers. What will you say, for example,
bowling -      "This way! This way! They are in the bowling alley," cried the
real -      collecting other people's news, and now that a real piece of news has
douglas -      The man whom we had known as Douglas turned up his own coat and cuff
stair -      on. She went on. She mounted a stair, pushed open a door, and found
guide -      usually a guide rather than a hindrance. In solving a problem of this
well -      Still, that little may as well be cleared up to make the case
town -      from London when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a
streatham -      these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they exactly fitted
liverpool -      with the avowed intention of catching the Liverpool express. They
shelf -      obvious place to look was the talc shelf or smoke-guard of the lamp.
emsworth -      carriage outside the door. Meanwhile, Colonel Emsworth, we may
douglas -      Mrs. Douglas thought earnestly before she answered. "Yes." she said
plumstead -      melancholy Plumstead Marshes upon the other. At our hail the man in
water -      these parts. It's not nearly so well done. They forgot the water and
street -      acquaintance to Baker Street.
douglas -      six and been in hiding ever since, until Mr. Douglas came into the
quick -      quick, or we are done!"
south -      never seen the Hall, for he lived in a little cottage on the South
lady -      light. Your interview with the lady has cleared the situation very
flush -      waiting.' They had evidently paid him well, for he was very flush of
well -      perhaps it is as well. So you actually were not able to see that that
start -      dangling from his fingers. Finally, with a start, he aroused himself
meadow -      made quite a little detour into the meadow. Lestrade and I walked
bare -      just as he was, in his bare feet, opened the window, sprang out into
waterloo -      and came in by the first train to Waterloo. Sir, I can stand this
well -      "Well, then, here is your half-sovereign. There's another one waiting
well -      "Well, well, give him that message. He can come in the morning, or he
stapleton -      I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been
steps -      the different steps in my reasoning. To begin at the beginning. I
main -      "'Take him to the main guard,' said I. The two Sikhs closed in upon
wooden -      to us. At one side of this was a squat, brass-bound wooden box, the
more -      over the aperture once more. It was an admirable hiding-place. No one
mitton -      As to the arrest of John Mitton, the valet, it was a counsel of
london -      Day, belonging to the Liverpool, Dublin, and London Steam Packet
true -      would be true to say that those who first read of him, as young men,
more -      "Yes, one thing which struck me more than anything else. I had driven
wall -      whitewashed wall and dun-coloured doors. Near the further end a low
hope -      "I hope," said Dr. Mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious
how -      "How long is this to last?" asked the inspector finally. "And what is
wish -      "I have not a doubt of it. I wish to heaven that I had rushed to the
tottenham -      of small streets which lie at the back of Tottenham Court Road. The
steep -      steep prow cut through the river-water and sent two rolling waves to
heath -      Heath. We had run two miles, I suppose, before Holmes at last halted
sea -      fellow's hand. That smacked of the sea. He had a military carriage,
stone -      When the commissionaire had gone, Holmes took up the stone and held
sheet -      particular colour. I found this single sheet upon the floor of his
musgrave -      Musgrave, kneeling at the side, pushed down the lantern.
village -      all walk down to the village together."
rose -      Sherlock Holmes rose with a smile.
more -      "'Where have you been?' I asked, more sternly.
way -      way of settling a dispute."
how -      "How long did he wait?"
goat -      mountain goat. A lucky long shot of my revolver might have crippled
water -      stationed him as a sentry over the launch. He is to stand at water's
pocket -      seated beside him in a hansom, my revolver in my pocket and the
jump -      "Very good. Jump in, Watson. We must strike while the iron is hot.
village -      the village street it nearly passed over a little Ford coming in the
wish -      "'I wish you, John,' said my uncle, 'to witness my will. I leave my
more -      factor,--nothing more. If my future were black, it was better surely
read -      think that he suspected. I read in his eyes that he suspected. As you
locking -      and the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told
how -      "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. You amaze me. How could you possibly know
more -      pause which showed that he had stopped. Then once more the footsteps
more -      well, so it is all cheerful once more."
city -      city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking
milverton -      the veranda outside. Milverton dropped his papers and sat rigid in
water -      "Exactly. Why should he? Is the water always turbid?"
orchard -      vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming
salt -      for silver, and were returning to Salt Lake City in the hope of
stair -      stair, came in to ask me some particulars about the examination."
ham -      horse's ham, and to do it subcutaneously, so as to leave absolutely
piece -      wit, for he is ever ready with a reply to any piece of chaff which
rose -      rose to my feet, stared at him for some seconds in utter amazement,
stout -      through the window, saw a stout, sandy-haired, middle-aged man coming
old -      in London and took us to live with him in the old ancestral house at
boot -      "But, surely, you said that it was a new brown boot?"
glass -      "Thank you," said he, as he replaced the glass. "It is the second
sound -      the death of the unfortunate pony, the weird sound which had been
how -      not many who had the real vivid flame-coloured tint. When I saw how
station -      friend and I made our way out of the Station and took a cab back to
rose -      country-side there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long,
hope -      "Good-mornin', Masser Holmes. I hope there ain't no hard feelin's
rooms -      taken to his rooms in Baker Street. The miscreants who attacked him
village -      The village of Birlstone is a small and very ancient cluster of
wall -      So unnerved was he at the sight that he leaned up against the wall
hope -      hope. If you fail me, then my honor as well as my position are
infirmary -      Infirmary. We brought her round here, called in Dr. Horsom, of 13
read -      life. I read it in his horrible eyes. What chance have you against a
well -      It was as well that his prairie training had given Jefferson Hope the
how -      "How do you know this?"
turn -      to him that Sherlock Holmes now proposed to turn.
more -      making our room a little more habitable. He could not deny the
quick -      was plainly but neatly dressed, with a bright, quick face, freckled
moor -      expanse of the moor. "There is another morass down yonder and a
stapleton -      meant I could not imagine, but it seemed to me that Stapleton was
stapleton -      Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition, and Mortimer also;
stand -      content to stand aside and act as their go-between. Often I carried
inch -      more than an inch and a half long. If you examine the top of the cork
stapleton -      importance. There can be no question that Stapleton had a confidant,
lead -      which had been sharpened. A broken tip of lead was lying there also.
how -      "How did it run? 'Our own colours, green and white.' Sounds like
kent -      understand that only Mr. Kent has seen the patient. May I ask, sir,
hope -      whom I employed in the Jefferson Hope case?"
mere -      also. The blood-stains were very slight, mere smears and
sussex -      Sussex--well, all this can be discussed with you in the morning. Will
friendly -      under me at Bart's. The sight of a friendly face in the great
how -      though it is a mystery to me how you did it. You have saved an
read -      The astonished detective read the note aloud. It ran as follows:
damery -      Sir James Damery presents his compliments to Mr. Sherlock Holmes and
real -      "No, no, I am sure they were real friends."
haven -      "I tell you, man, that I haven't got one. I'll let you have two
tongue -      He was a dangerous suitor, with his glib Irish tongue, and his
old -      "You mean the old fellow who has just gone out?"
bare -      the front room, which is bare of furniture, discovered the body of a
well -      out of my mouth than the whole crowd of spectators, well dressed and
piece -      undoubtedly a burn. Now, I observe, Ames, that there is a small piece
lane -      "And you were surprised to see him in Swandam Lane?"
deal -      laugh, "you can save yourself a deal of trouble by dropping it right
lead -      be an accomplice, and will lead me to him. Wait up for me." The hall
leicester -      them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case
law -      they are all safe under lock and key. Either the fear of the law or
well -      "Well, since I am here, there is one point on which I should like to
mason -      Mason, but a note will reach us, and no doubt I could find you if I
way -      "His words were quiet, but he had a rasping way of saying them which
sudden -      things?" His gray eyes gleamed with sudden and dangerous anger from
old -      neither rode nor shot, but spent his days in wandering round the old
start -      had got a start, however, and before I could catch her the mischief
main -      apartment, which looked out upon one of the main arteries of suburban
how -      thing. I described to him how, when according to his custom he was
well -      "Well, it depends upon what you think worth reporting."
more -      box-room. Then the door crashed to, the key turned once more, and all
success -      has been a distinct success. I have had a charming morning."
mark -      poisoned, was in the man's scalp where you still see the mark; this
how -      flask, for you are very wet. How could you expect so small and weak a
old -      spoken of. He spoke wistfully of a sudden leaving, a breaking of old
more -      "No; I fancy Chiswick is an address which is more likely to find him.
old -      "This is indeed like the old days. We shall have time for a mouthful
university -      university.  Well, Watson, you have one more specimen of the tragic
stand -      is there to live for? Stand at the window here. Was ever such a
laid -      approached he laid it aside, and listened attentively to an account
more -      unnecessary footmarks might make his task more difficult. For an hour
old -      to be my old school number, thirty-one, and so is stuck in my head."
point -      "I am afraid I miss the point."
close -      muffled when the discharge is at very close range, as it undoubtedly
tongue -      "Perhaps not with your tongue, my dear Watson, but certainly with
ashes -      "So I expected," said Holmes, chuckling. "I fancy the ashes of them
water -      quarters and we on the blue water. Come back here, out of a line with
how -      Holmes. "Dear me, how very stupid of me, to be sure! Good morning,
laid -      might seem fantastic if laid before a magistrate. The woman's
london -      supplied with it by a Bohemian intermediary in London. This all hangs
deal -      desperate man to deal with, who is supported, as I have had occasion
turn -      without an attempt at circumlocution or concealment. Do you in turn
court -      "That's why I don't court visitors," said he. "I don't mind you,
wilson -      said Jabez Wilson, mopping his forehead; "I have a small pawnbroker's
hound -      "The original hound was material enough to tug a man's throat out,
manor -      had established itself in western Sussex, where the Manor House of
height -      was of a middle height, two or three inches shorter than you, sir. He
hook -      the rope, untie it from the hook, shut the window, snib it on the
ash -      illustrating the difference in the ash. It is a point which is
flat -      "This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge
how -      And that was how a great scandal threatened to affect the kingdom of
lady -      respectable lady, who seemed quite innocent of any secret, and a
lover -      lover, which was all perfectly true.
steps -      steps. There were such steps, however. The train of reasoning ran,
openshaw -      "Well, yes. Save, perhaps, that. And yet this John Openshaw seems to
stout -      knew, be a monomaniac. With a stout bearing, therefore, though her
laid -      laid his hand on his revolver, and turned to the door. I picked up a
aldgate -      Aldgate Station on the Underground system in London."
stone -      very high stone wall topped with broken glass. A single narrow
high -      issue, the suspense in high quarters, the direct nature of the
street -      looked out into the street. "There are folk who watch us from over
point -      the son's ear. Now from this double point our research must commence,
how -      "'Your fate will be upon your own head. How long have you been here?'
moor -      road and wound away across the moor. A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill
more -      me, for I can remember no more. Mary the maid heard the noise and
more -      "Was there ever a more exact demonstration?" he cried. "See, Watson,
more -      'Frisco. Not a word of news came for a year and more, so that I never
moor -      moor in the face of all my warnings?"
more -      their chloroform, carried her down, poured more into the coffin to
aldershot -      around Aldershot, the little red and grey roofs of the farm-steadings
letters -      letters, and poured them all into the fire. Again and again he did
eye -      continually had an eye upon the road. They declare that no one
cotton -      that perilous way before us. From amid a tuft of cotton grass which
well -      were not going very well with him.
lady -      "Mr. Holmes, this is the young lady I spoke of. This is my fiancee."
mark -      mark."
old -      "This is an old friend," said I to Dodd. "It is possible that his
worth -      worth the attention of a big criminal. But the fact that Rodger
valley -      Things are going to happen in this valley. I feel it in my bones.
true -      words have come true."
true -      because I feel that my best course is to explain the true position to
success -      "The doctors examined her for it, but without success."
london -      down secretly when I was supposed to be in London. My hardships were
lodge -      come to harm. He has spoken to me once or twice over lodge matters,
stand -      "Yes; stand by the door. If you hear anyone come, bolt it on the
lodge -      Rumours had reached the lodge of secret gatherings in the Herald
charles -      "And why were you so pressing that Sir Charles should destroy your
turn -      long arm to turn the lamp away from himself and towards the vacant
bare -      voice within bade us enter, and we entered a bare, unfurnished room
sutherland -      identity of the disappearing bridegroom of Miss Mary Sutherland.
well -      well."
america -      have been made and he will be on his way to South America. For God's
way -      to me that the logical way to approach the case is to begin by trying
bush -      "Yes, it was laid across the bush."
well -      "Well, then, I'll help you.  Did anything come by post?"
home -      it is to bring it home. In this case, however, they have established
lodge -      flat oval object. It is addressed to Mr. Garcia, Wisteria Lodge. It
way -      if fate had placed him in my way that I might pay my debt before I
more -      "No, no, my dear Watson. The more deeply sunk impression is, of
turn -      again. Every stride of the horses and every turn of the wheels was
street -      to the corner of the street, and in ten minutes was rejoiced to find
well -      "Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so old
old -      The old man made a little run towards the door, but, as Athelney
ruston -      Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk.
border -      day on the Surrey border has not been much more profitable than your
letters -      himself of the passion. His letters and the box may be connected with
well -      "Well, well!" said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders. "Come, Watson!
harrow -      at Harrow. Now, we must make the best use of our time, so kindly take
close -      among a plantation of small trees, I close at his heels, and our
true -      absolutely true."
how -      "How far is this crypt from the house?" asked Holmes.
west -      to-day. What on earth can it mean? Who is Cadogan West, and what is
oaken -      matter. The girl drew a key from her pocket, and the heavy oaken
lead -      household can only lead to misfortune."
well -      and yet he was diabolical as well."
ash -      the floor. It was dark in colour and flakey--such an ash as is only
shop -      There is Mortimer's, the tobacconist, the little newspaper shop, the
catch -      "I think, Watson, that we can catch the professor just before lunch.
old -      old grey building with its bristling Tudor chimneys, but the drive
glass -      for a glass of his own wine and hold some high converse upon eels and
sea -      had ascertained the names of the crew of the Sea Unicorn in 1883.
tongue -      foreign tongue in a tone as though asking a question, and when my
more -      artist. I could quote many more. Well, Sir James, you will inform
knock -      across the roadway. We heard a loud knock, a deep voice below, and
yell -      a most fearful yell from that direction, but it was no unusual thing
stakes -      who can only be held in their grave by stakes driven through their
lodge -      found occasion yet to report himself to the head of the lodge of the
walls -      around the walls. At the farther end from the door was the high
sea -      soft sea of sound, until I found myself in dream-land, with the sweet
campden -      George Street, Westminster; Louis La Rothiere, of Campden Mansions,
shade -      and then blotted, none would be of a deep black shade. This man has
west -      young Cadogan West; but the indications at the window would lend
read -      me to read upon the counterfoil of Staunton's urgent message. He
ashes -      ashes or scraps. When we reached Scotland Yard she was handed over at
well -      "That's well," said McMurdo. "I'm thinking that you are a weak man
steps -      As he spoke, the steps which had been coming nearer sounded loudly on
deal -      "You're standing out in this deal, Councillor McGinty," said the
how -      I have come. It is a chill evening, and I do not know how long our
old -      "Because for the last few days I have been feeling rheumatic and old.
well -      be glad to hear that all is well."
true -      realized the Baron's true character until it was too late. The
home -      "We must not let him think that this agency is a home for the
water -      of the water, reeling about like a drunken man. I ran down, threw
hill -      They had reached the base of the hill by this time, and were
more -      more company, and so you will need changes in your household."
more -      of money ourselves. I desired no more. Besides, it would have been
hound -      the hound on the moor, so I can swear that it is not all empty
close -      Close to the rude landing-stage was a small brick house, with a
steps -      "I cannot now entirely see all the steps of your reasoning," I
eye -      bed and spent some time in staring at it and in running his eye up
eye -      room. His features were gravely set, but there was a light in his eye
stones -      stones was a common chance in the spring-time at that spot.  He said
read -      endeavoured to read through them, went to the window and stared up
shop -      friends stopped and stared into a shop window, upon which Holmes did
cornwall -      this part of Cornwall. The nearest of these was the hamlet of
stapleton -      this instant. And Stapleton, where is he? He shall answer for this
mere -      it was no mere haphazard burglary. The prompt and energetic action of
how -      "How long was it before you went to bed?"
walls -      the grey walls. The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however,
lent -      and a globe, and made it all clear in a minute. He lent me a book;
street -      It was a very long street of two-story brick houses, neat and prim,
old -      and we drank and we yarned about old times, but the more he drank the
town -      was a general clearing; for Vermissa was by far the largest town on
stream -      statement. He broke out now into a furious stream of German
bridge -      "I will be at Thor Bridge at nine o'clock.
westward -      that two middle-aged gentlemen are flying westward at fifty miles an
street -      the address, 126b Corporation Street, and remember that one o'clock
retire -      success that he was able to sell it and to retire upon a handsome
row -      deal-topped table. There upon a shelf was the row of formidable
more -      "Enough and more than enough," remarked Sherlock Holmes gravely. "I
more -      more than I do, very like, since reading is not in my line. I only
began -      they had to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once
lock -      in the lock."
reach -      yourself to reach the other side at a quarter-past nine.  You will
more -      do no more. See here, Captain Croker, we'll do this in due form of
lake -      "That was like following the brook to the parent lake. He makes one
wilson -      Sergeant Wilson pointed out, the triggers were wired together so
laid -      He laid an envelope upon the table, and we all bent over it. It was
parkhurst -      a very dangerous villain and served two terms at Parkhurst. Finally
guards -      "Tangey, the commissionaire, has been shadowed. He left the Guards
way -      past her, I made my way into my study. She followed me, however,
lake -      into the lake behind us.  In an instant Holmes had raced up on to the
touch -      a voice or the touch of a hand sets her heart thrilling within her,
well -      "Well, we reckoned we'd strike another river soon, d'ye see. But
true -      we solemnly renewed our oath to stand by each other and be true to
home -      home for the morning writing a long letter to a friend. Afterwards he
turn -      "What is that?" said Smith. "Turn up the gas? Ah, the shadows begin
read -      pictures and read descriptions of the famous old building, so I will
more -      18th." His insufferable smile was more complacent than ever.
british -      round the corner from the British Museum, and there I waited, filling
old -      rambling old place, and takes a good deal of looking after. I
strode -      down to mine, when he strode into the room, his hat upon his head and
stock -      for the third. On the stock was engraved 'S.S.. Sea Unicorn, Dundee.'
how -      organization whose enmity they had incurred. He little knew how far
mason -      "No doubt it is an American shotgun," White Mason continued. "I seem
london -      come to live in London. Thus they had renewed their friendship.
well -      "Well, I've given you fair warnin'," said he. "I've a friend that's
dunbar -      she concealed that morning in Miss Dunbar's wardrobe after
point -      a great view of the Channel. At this point the coast-line is entirely
chapel -      "Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so old
shoscombe -      pulled up I inquired if Sir Robert was at Shoscombe Old Place.
steps -      It was a clang of the bell, followed instantly by heavy steps upon
well -      "Well, I won't see him, Staples. I can't have my work interrupted
more -      stepping back into his own house to get his umbrella, was never more
street -      this opening the light of the street, no longer dimmed by the dusty
well -      "Well, apart form this cigarette-end, was it not suggestive that the
middle -      "You would have thought the middle of that prairie a fairly safe
elm -      without our entering the house, to the scar on the lawn where the elm
water -      off with his life. That's why I want to get over the water as soon as
send -      Yard, Hopkins had to go out, and he in turn had to send for me. All
wandsworth -      "'Wandsworth Common,' said he.
middle -      "I can read the first few lines, and these in the middle of the
vale -      Brown, of Laburnum Lodge, Laburnum Vale, Chiswick, and one to Mr.
sheet -      paper, and having turned down the sheet he pointed out the paragraph
cairns -      cell, and Mr. Patrick Cairns occupies too large a proportion of our
rise -      eyebrows rise a little, and she glanced at me curiously.
waterloo -      he may have been hurrying down to catch the last train from Waterloo
stanley -      Before evening we had a visit from Inspector Stanley Hopkins. Things
dunbar -      "G. Dunbar.
home -      window, and she was escorted home in a cab by the police, as her
surrey -      Vauxhall Bridge Road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently.
high -      on the central table. I am six feet high, and I could do it with an
old -      gunpowder, and the grim old colour sergeant of the war was still
more -      whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a more than sufficient
more -      don't think we shall be wanted in Aldershot any more."
how -      Lane. But what was she to do? How could she, a young and timid woman,
sea -      the sea, and it was long years before I could find where he was. I
america -      this: This woman was married in America. Her husband developed some
mortimer -      under the care of Dr. Mortimer. The two of them were destined to
water -      meets us at the door of Heaven with a big pitcher of water, and a lot
college -      Soames, tutor and lecturer at the College of St. Luke's. Mr. Soames
how -      that instant how delicate my mission was.
raise -      "I have but to raise my finger," cried McGinty, "and I could put two
norwood -      settled, and he begged me to come out to his house at Norwood that
sovereign -      career, that the indiscreet Sovereign will receive no punishment for
how -      and how either madness or death is the fate of the unhappy native who
meadows -      the shoulder, and pointed over the meadows.
way -      and searching vainly for some way out of them. That morning had shown
shop -      statues in the Kennington Road. The assistant had left the front shop
common -      Almanac. It is in common use. It has the requisite number of pages.
high -      our movements.  They certainly confirm the very high opinion which I
more -      case more complex. In the first place, no reason could be given why
town -      modern town. It is the centre for a considerable area of country,
burn -      gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten o'clock.'"
merton -      the purely agricultural county of Merton. It was a single-track
lady -      to win the entire affection of this lady. This was given to me in
mere -      "But it was not mere guess-work?"
old -      to be guarded, of course, in the old quarter as well as in that which
deal -      "That, and a deal more. I tell you, Watson, I've only known her these
pinner -      when up came my landlady with a card which had "Arthur Pinner,
way -      own way of doing it."
way -      interested out Harrow way--you know what I'm meaning--and he don't
more -      life once more. "Yes, Watson, it was found. Pretty damning, eh? So
lady -      those of an employer towards a young lady whom he never conversed
laid -      seventh of January, we have very properly laid in the new almanac. It
deal -      "I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said slowly. "I want to
angle -      at an acute angle from the corner of his mouth, stood a tall, strong,
turn -      give us our crack volunteer regiments, and who turn out more fine
start -      was the start of it."
well -      "Well, she seems to have lost all interest in the horses. For a week
london -      orphan and a bachelor and are residing alone in London.'
high -      high hopes, while he in turn professed the admiration and respect of
london -      from what you say we might perhaps be doing better work in London."
how -      ill. The question was how to identify an unknown prisoner. I could
stand -      New-fangled Banner, or some such stuff. He couldn't stand, far less
law -      law must be complied with. On Thursday the prisoner will be brought
eye -      the steps. She watched us with a sardonic eye as we stepped from the
how -      And, first, as to how it came here. It arrived upon Christmas
sheet -      sheet of note-paper with some words scrawled upon it. Holmes glanced
ross -      Holmes threw in an occasional question or interjection. Colonel Ross
stand -      man, and don't stand staring!"
read -      read upon the trampled grass. He ran round, like a dog who is picking
station -      "He met me with the dog-cart at the station, and I saw at a glance
way -      stand in the way of his little game, like those out-and-out pirates
height -      inches in height, with the chest and limbs of a Hercules. His dress
white -      me. He was a strange little, ferret-like man, with white eyelashes,
orchard -      and turned into a modern dwelling. An orchard surrounded it, but the
well -      "Well, that gives us a limit. Our lady enters this room and what does
mortimer -      Mortimer, the man of science, ask of Sherlock Holmes, the specialist
way -      the way."
stand -      the colliery yonder it was just more than I could stand. I'm not made
piece -      muster. "You can see that the piece is genuine, and, as to the value,
sound -      when I was suddenly aroused by a slight noise. It was like the sound
prescott -      plate. No living man could tell a Prescott from a Bank of England,
stone -      between the weapon and the heavy stone on the farther side.
pool -      "What did you go into the pool for?" he asked.
well -      "Well, that has to be considered. But he attacks no one else, nor
rose -      companion rose to greet her, "but I have had a very strange
middle -      central guard-house in the middle of the fort, and to leave each gate
den -      lives upon the second floor of the opium den, and who was certainly
send -      and send down to Fordham, the Horsham lawyer.'
london -      remained in London, or has he followed us down here? Could he--could
well -      sandal-wearing Mohammedan has the great toe well separated from the
worth -      himself. No, sir, no; it is as much as my place is worth to let him
adelaide -      the passenger list showed that Miss Fraser of Adelaide, with her
more -      murderer was a man. He was more than six feet high, was in the prime
press -      Mr. Horace Harker and the subscribers of the Central Press Syndicate.
rode -      squires cursed the shepherd and rode onward. But soon their skins
mortimer -      of Mortimer Tregennis after he left the room. In this there is no
lady -      Morrison, a young lady who lives in the next villa, and the two went
mark -      blood mark on the sill. "It is clearly the tread of a shoe. It is
crook -      'The most dangerous crook in Chicago.' On the very evening upon which
stand -      "So now, my dear fellow, you see exactly how we stand and why it is I
coombe -      forwarded instantly from Baker Street to Coombe Tracey. They were of
deal -      as thunder, and he took to drinking a deal more than was good for
tumble -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, if this is true, we only tumble out of one mystery
lane -      she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an
moor -      position of Merripit House, but the dip of the moor had hid her until
main -      order to keep the tryst one has to ascend a main stair and seek the
more -      "No, it is more serious than that. To revenge crime is important, but
more -      She had turned a dreadful colour, the more ghastly under the dark
march -      describe exactly the scene as we saw it upon that misty March
read -      "I did not say that I had read all the letter."
piece -      piece of biography of Stapleton's. I was able to establish the
way -      its hind legs with a snort of rage, and pranced and tossed in a way
america -      since Abe is an American contraction, and since a letter from America
how -      how to use it. And now, if you have quite finished, we will hark back
west -      Hampshire in the west. In the last century, however, four successive
ball -      ball," she said. "They used to send father tickets when he was alive,
well -      presume there are other papers there. Well, it may have got mixed
more -      doorway, it seemed to McMurdo that he had never seen a more beautiful
old -      some very remarkable old Spanish jewellery of silver and curiously
more -      murderous eyes. He took one more glance round to see that there were
lizard -      forger.  Venomous lizard or gila. Remarkable case, that! Vittoria,
sound -      silence. Listen as one may, there is no shadow of a sound in all that
pennsylvania -      Ezekiah Hopkins, of Lebanon, Pennsylvania, U. S. A., there is now
deal -      smile, "for I dabble with poisons a good deal." He held out his hand
how -      house, how did he or she come in? Undoubtedly by the garden path and
spring -      never have I wondered at it more than upon that spring morning in
sussex -      bags at the Chequers, Lamberley, we drove through the Sussex clay of
lake -      tracks proved that they had afterwards turned back to Salt Lake City.
liverpool -      in Liverpool, and I'll help you to take the news to the Hall."
how -      tread, and knew how his keen spirit was chafing against this
lady -      "The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your
simpson -      so, it would tell against this man Simpson."
high -      high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice.
moor -      said he. "The moor has been thick with them since this fellow
london -      "When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just
high -      exposed as high as the elbow. About halfway up the forearm was a
close -      how close they play the game. Your letter to me had the 10 P. M.
quick -      person, very dapper and quick, with a clear head and a ready tongue.
well -      across the bar to the Boss that the job had been well carried
retire -      when your stepfather comes back. Then when you hear him retire for
bay -      Sumatra, in the Bay of Bengal.' Hum! hum!  What's all this? Moist
more -      street by a low wall and railing, the whole not more than five feet
quick -      Mrs. Douglas's face lit with a quick smile. "Can a husband ever carry
lock -      some considerable manipulation of the lock he swung open the heavy
station -      Holmes.  The station clock marked only seven minutes from the time
wish -      innings that time, and I don't ever wish to feel better pleased. The
sheet -      "There was one sheet of paper which I may have torn from the man that
well -      "Well, then, you've lost your fiver, for it's town bred," snapped the
street -      lamp before descending into the street. "I'll be back some time,
borne -      appointment with the murderer, which is borne out by the fact that a
london -      branch of one of the principal London banks. Mr. Merryweather is the
began -      small page admitted us, and we began at once to ascend the broad,
steep -      iron-working settlements was slowly groaning its way up the steep
wood -      It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which
more -      landlady. The crudest of writers could invent nothing more crude."
reach -      that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them
white -      must be, she came forward, with a very white face and frightened eyes
way -      you should embrace the true faith, and conform in every way to its
sound -      scuffle, with the sound of blows. A moment later there came, to my
box -      mounted to the box, while we took our places inside. We had hardly
how -      "The same reasons that bring you, I expect," said Gregson. "How you
way -      she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an
ham -      but I would not have you waste your energies in East Ham or
hope -      have given you pain, and I hope that you do not think very meanly of
river -      river. Now that they are scattered over five miles or so, it may be a
moor -      large hazel eyes. If on that forbidding moor a difficult and
stapleton -      There were only two men in the room, Sir Henry and Stapleton. They
barnes -      sporting host, Josiah Barnes, entered eagerly into our plans for the
poultney -      are justified. Not a moment is to be lost in getting to Poultney
stone -      another stone. I scrambled down on to the path. I don't think I could
dull -      door slammed in the distance. Then a confused, dull murmur broke
yonder -      that there is a long hollow over yonder, which must have been very
way -      you can see this from across the way."
real -      had also arrived, and to him I handed my real card. It would have
well -      over. It is well they don't have days of fog in the Latin
raise -      to-night you attempt to raise an alarm or do anything which is
quarter -      after them. It was quite a quarter of an hour before I got my mouth
london -      Holmes, "London has become a singularly uninteresting city since the
street -      Stockwell Place. Robert Street. Cold Harbor Lane. Our quest does not
boscombe -      Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of
folds -      established under the very shadow of the sacred folds of the starry
central -      central township which lies at the head of Vermissa Valley. From this
sussex -      Sussex. There he has lived for six years, and there he died just a
read -      indicate how the matter might be treated. Finally, when he read in
college -      research, occupying a minor position in King's College Hospital, and
cliff -      the great chalk cliff in which Von Bork, like some wandering eagle,
kent -      points, asking you, for example, about the paper which Mr. Kent was
guide -      side. Our guide paused at the mouth of this bridge, and he pointed to
dunbar -      always in her blood. She might have planned to murder Miss Dunbar--or
pool -      by the pool. He appeared to be much surprised at seeing me and asked
gale -      something important which has brought you out in such a gale."
home -      still sharing rooms with Holmes in Baker Street, that he came home
well -      Billy showed it to you. Well, it may get a bullet through its
acton -      case, of course, Acton's and Cunningham's are just the places he
hope -      well. Sufficient for to-morrow is the evil thereof; but I hope before
more -      bloodhounds were on his track once more, and he cleared--only just in
well -      last. "There are some things that are painful as well as difficult to
rose -      coat of some sort, or a plaid perhaps. When I rose from my father I
glass -      the glass. I have told you that I looked out at the night. When I did
halfway -      fiancee halfway there, and then suddenly disappeared."
pocket -      here in my secret pocket. I take no chances leaving it about. It can
well -      "Well, Watson, that's done it," said Holmes as he fastened the lead
carey -      Peter Carey's evidence how these securities came on the market it
valley -      ever either Ettie or her lover set foot in the Valley of Fear. Ten
well -      "Ah, yes, of course! Well, a cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a
lady -      Lady Brackenstall was no ordinary person. Seldom have I seen so
high -      Medical Officer for the parishes of Grimpen, Thorsley, and High
heads -      of our heads."
well -      "Exactly. That describes him very well. He is a bulky, bearded,
how -      You may advise me how to walk amid the dangers which encompass me."
laid -      Holmes laid his hand upon the inspector's shoulder.
leslie -      formidable--so I read Dr. Leslie Armstrong. He held my friend's card
wall -      I tiptoed down the path and stooped behind the low wall which
stone -      "Very well, sir. And this stone?"
keeping -      overtook it, and then, keeping at a discreet distance of a hundred
wood -      walls were of wood. As I gave a last hurried glance around, I saw a
edge -      round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds round the edge. A
true -      back. He is one of those men who have overshot their true generation.
real -      real effect were to be produced. There were meetings, and an
piece -      pottery of the Ming dynasty. No finer piece ever passed through
height -      outline, but his height told me that it was Barrymore. He walked very
dowry -      reported that her dowry will run to considerably over the six
stove -      deal table in the centre, and the big stove at one side. At each of
main -      escaping observation. They had never kept to the main road if a
high -      from the high road into a narrow lane, deeply rutted, with hedges on
mark -      bigger man than I. Look at that mark upon the seat of the oaken
scott -      the remarkable experience of our client, Scott Eccles. Now, my dear
way -      moment. By the way, I have been reading a short but clear and
court -      plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business
white -      "Anything fresh, Sergeant Wilson?" asked White Mason.
well -      "Well, you know father didn't like anything of the sort. He wouldn't
how -      "Precisely so. But how--"
home -      office or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station,
well -      master had certainly been murdered. Had he any enemies? Well, every
paris -      in Paris? How could I search for it without the French police having
point -      on that point. Besides, as the bridge was up, there was no other
stones -      to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at 1000 pounds
catch -      second by the catch being pressed back.
bank -      fortitude to reach the bank.
lyons -      now tell me the result of your visit to Mrs. Laura Lyons--it was not
stock -      examined the old Stock Exchange lists, and I can find no one in 1883
scotland -      Scotland Yard, is acting already in the matter, but he assures me
city -      we want. Look at the headlines: 'Crime in the City. Murder at Mawson
moorland -      groom at the Hall, if I remember right. There are two moorland
sovereign -      Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from his
cabin -      shoulders into the tiny cabin. "Quite a family party," he remarked.
pocket -      would have expected to find a large sum of money in his pocket."
well -      not go very far. They paid Smith well to hold his tongue, reserved
british -      the inspector, with the magnificent fair-play of the British criminal
well -      early as I intended I might well have saved you from this terrific
more -      once more.
reading -      in his dressing-gown, reading the agony column of The Times and
point -      specimen of it first. And now if we pass on to the second point we
bridges -      long series of bridges which span the Thames. As we passed the City
piece -      printed in silver lettering, and the piece remaining is only about an
common -      fit setting for the wild common over which our road passed and the
mark -      "Only this: that I know that that mark was not there when I examined
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, then."
keeping -      can have the keeping of us. If you don't--it's a fine, law-abiding
true -      without any assertion that it is true, let me indicate a possible
touch -      is no law, I fear, that can touch the scoundrel."
grey -      with a grey carpet, a large bureau, and a long mirror. Holmes went to
point -      interview, but I am afraid that I must remain firm upon this point,
walls -      above, for these, as you see, are all blank walls. Therefore, it
lake -      by the lake. Then he had called. She had refused to see him. He was
lock -      book with a lock, and his arms in gold on the outside. I think he was
more -      "You'll find him a knotty problem, though. I'll wager he learns more
well -      "Well, that's because he daren't trust you. But in his heart he is
close -      horrible death which had passed so close to us that night.
point -      none was found upon his body. One other point: if a clerk in this
old -      five a cab deposited us outside 104 Berkeley Square, where the old
weeks -      "My sister had told me some weeks before that I might have the pick
hound -      hound? Where are the marks of its fangs? Of course we know that a
georgia -      Georgia, and Florida. Its power was used for political purposes,
lodge -      wait until it is the good pleasure of the lodge to employ him."
street -      chambers in Downing Street, and on Holmes sending in his card we were
hope -      more than ever I can hope to pay."
sound -      the sound which resembled the distant baying of a hound. It is
well -      "Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the
stone -      Old Hall; Mr. Henderson, High Gable; Rev. Joshua Stone, Nether
piece -      the truncated fowling piece. The tailor's tab is on the neck--'Neal,
sudden -      saw a sudden light spring up among the trees as the lamp was lit in
way -      "Better pick up Mr. Melas on our way," I suggested.  "We may need an
crosby -      red leech and the terrible death of Crosby the banker. Here also I
mapleton -      distant, is the larger training establishment of Mapleton, which
well -      "Well, moonshine is a brighter thing than fog," said Holmes,
wall -      methodical revenge. When the inscription was discovered upon the wall
oaks -      stunted oaks and firs which had been twisted and bent by the fury of
london -      more mysterious than any of those which had driven us from London.
well -      him, as it was well known that it was his love of seclusion which
stakes -      to try and save her. Well, the stakes are down and the reserve open,
london -      crowded millions of London the three persons we sought were as
way -      "There are three constables on their way."
moor -      "That depends on whether you are going on the moor," said I.
how -      "Exactly. You would like to tell people how you died. No use writing
hound -      "No, no, it was a hound. My God, can there be some truth in all these
street -      Baker Street boys mounting guard over him who would stick to him like
london -      certainly been in London some time--as we had evidence that he
valley -      "Boscombe Valley is a country district not very far from Ross, in
way -      "The man giggled in his venomous way.
hound -      connection between the hound and the man's death. We never saw the
well -      "Well, I'll borrow that if I may."
piece -      know all about the transaction. That the piece is genuine is certain.
start -      co-operation if I do not show you the position from which we start."
douglas -      "Yes, it was open. Poor Douglas was lying as you see him. His bedroom
lodge -      we shall be a united lodge in word and in deed. And now, boys," he
wish -      "'I wish to have your advice, major,' said I.
london -      before. He won her with his title and his money and his false London
rooms -      rooms? He came back--or someone came back--when all witnesses were
north -      In the central portion of the great North American Continent there
heads -      ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its
overton -      no fool, as he very clearly showed to-night. I have wired to Overton
london -      London Bridge. There was someone in the carriage, for example, with
london -      something always turning up to keep us from London. All the time,
field -      left in possession of the field of battle, and also of the spoils of
twenty -      over twenty years proof against the little god's arrows, has now
high -      "'It is your only chance,' said she. 'It is high, but it may be that
shade -      about and screened us with its friendly shade. Holmes had lit his
letters -      I have here four letters which purport to come from the missing man.
way -      army. There is no middle way. Which is it to be, death or life? We
waterloo -      mark to this. We have not yet met our Waterloo, Watson, but this is
sovereign -      "On the contrary, I have half a sovereign for you if you will give me
more -      months on end. What could it be, once more? I could think of nothing
quarter -      using every possible contraction? A quarter of an hour, not less.
more -      half of his task was successfully accomplished but the more difficult
way -      no other specimen in Europe. It has not yet found its way either into
steps -      "We can follow the various steps quite clearly, and they show a
wells -      the return of our colleagues from Tunbridge Wells, where they are at
turn -      year, and has brought in turn each of the prizes of the turf to
old -      "'Yes, and as old as the house. Down here, through this door.'
london -      When we returned to Mrs. Warren's rooms, the gloom of a London winter
more -      friends of mine who are in want of a billet, and what could be more
scales -      subject. That trick of staining the fishes' scales of a delicate pink
london -      "From East London. What do you deduce from that?"
rise -      sought. So excited was he that he did not rise, but sat upon the
well -      "Well, I was trying to express it as delicately as I could, but if
wish -      It's hard to say his age. I should not wish a smarter assistant, Mr.
glass -      passage through the glass, but loss of blood had no effect in
park -      We passed along the outer bounds of the Manor House park until we
old -      stone-cast of old Tyburn Tree of evil memory, looked golden and
start -      meet me no more. But the other day I had a notice that I was to start
lyons -      therefore put pressure upon Mrs. Lyons to write this letter,
rise -      ill-omened forms, and clapping her hands to make them rise. "Say, did
piece -      away' and 'from the' are cut out in one piece."
rock -      white snow, and jagged rock towered upon each flank, leaving a long,
baldwin -      It is Teddy Baldwin."
hope -      prompted entirely by solicitude for his son. I venture to hope that
kensington -      Kensington, and he seemed to be in a great hurry, bustling me rapidly
true -      "'Well, that's true enough,' said he. 'You know, Victor,' turning to
laid -      could have laid his vile paws upon such a being of the beyond I
success -      Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.
way -      "Then I will ask Sir James to step this way. He is at present in the
how -      upon you in your rooms, how I put up the shutters for fear of
home -      end. It was not until we had reached home that I began to realize the
law -      "Sorry, Mr. Holmes, but that's the law."
eye -      of him. He looked murder out of the only eye he could see with when
mason -      Mason seated in close consultation in the small parlour of the local
heath -      Charlington Heath, and there, sure enough, was the man, exactly as he
well -      "'You may as well face the matter,' said I; 'you have been caught in
high -      sudden turn to rain, with high autumnal winds, and the Jezail bullet
lady -      her, as you have yourself observed. I repeat that the lady is his
rooms -      me for his rooms, so that I knew that my secret was safe in his
worth -      search for Garridebs? It's worth our attention, for, granting that
lady -      they were such commands as a lady might with propriety obey. You see
press -      "Later.--It is rumoured as we go to press that Mr. John Hector
priory -      "I must inform you, gentlemen, that the Priory is a preparatory
well -      Road. He has to be out of the house before seven. Well, this morning
hope -      hope as long as every fresh fact seemed to strengthen his conviction
milverton -      the rest to Holmes. But Milverton never looked up. He was languidly
well -      "Well, I've given you the pointer, and you're a sulky dog not to
coat -      Would the body be dressed in a coat alone?"
true -      taken in Gordon Square, and that was my true wedding after all those
more -      could answer I confess is more than I can imagine."
hope -      revenge in the face of such a difficulty, but Jefferson Hope never
shetland -      watch of a dark night, two days before we sighted the Shetland
sudden -      sudden and fatal storm far out on the ocean of life. Then Holmes
well -      "Well, I cannot blame you for standing by your own wife. Forget what
point -      such purity and radiance that it twinkled like an electric point in
steps -      Watson? The top steps swilled down and the other ones dry. Footsteps
lady -      you are dealing with such a lady as Isadora Klein."
began -      "Let me say right here, Mr. Holmes," he began, "that money is nothing
strode -      Holmes raised his hand for silence. Then he strode across the room,
america -      America forced my hand. He would never have left so compromising a
worth -      unusual height he was the most worth watching of the three.
how -      how I loved Mary Fraser.
worth -      for if it is worth anyone's while to take so much trouble, there must
old -      "Well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old
well -      Well, I don't know why I shouldn't, for there's no cause for me to be
lake -      departed from Salt Lake City. John Ferrier's heart was sore within
send -      terribly frightened. Send him to jail now, and you make him a
lady -      "I am aware that what you say is true about the lady's resources,"
high -      the box before him. 'Let the high God judge between us. Choose and
more -      "'Not for the world,' he cried with a gesture of horror. 'It is more
way -      being tÃªte-Ã -tÃªte. By the way, your instructions to me never to allow
brixton -      "Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road--249," read Holmes.
turn -      drains what killed him. The thought gave me a kind o' turn, and I
dull -      hear a dull humming and buzzing noise which proceeded from the same
rocks -      moon rose we climbed to the top of the rocks over which our poor
well -      "Well, he has the name of being a dangerous man. He is about the most
more -      "Of course after that there was nothing more to be done. I found out
brixton -      Big Ben, and eight struck as we tore down the Brixton Road. But
stand -      relation in which I stand to Professor Presbury both privately and
close -      It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking
charles -      Hatherley, was let to Mr. Charles McCarthy, who was also an
true -      "I was only testing you, and you ring true every time. Well, it is a
charles -      "The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville, whose name has
reach -      of inaction seemed to have come within my reach. In my inmost heart I
mere -      a mere fiend dog but must needs describe him with hell-fire shooting
wish -      "Not at all. I should wish to go further into this matter. It
stand -      could stand it."
more -      I felt that no more fitting scene could be set for such a tragedy.
catch -      have, I think, just time to catch our train at Paddington, and I will
brook -      "The Brook Street business."
more -      sunburned fellow, who looks as if he would be more at home in a
send -      toes. If he does not come himself he will send an accomplice."
well -      "Well, since you never said so, and Mr. Phelps never said so, and
way -      boots. "Tiles were loosened the whole way along, and in his hurry he
avenue -      curve of the avenue. It was a smart little landau which rattled up to
success -      speculation. From the first it was a success. A few good cases and
read -      not well, but I could read his fears upon his wicked face. Any
how -      "How far is it to the house where this singular tragedy occurred?"
close -      "The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson," he remarked,
close -      worthy collaborator, the inspector, have kept our close hold on the
harrow -      The address was "The Three Gables, Harrow Weald."
town -      I was given a hut in Hope Town, which is a small place on the slopes
well -      possible for the estate to be left to him by will. He knew well that
lady -      "It is only for the young lady's sake that I touch your case at all,"
raw -      It was the end of November and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy
letters -      "So you sent the letters to my husband, and he--the noblest gentleman
grey -      snow, and in summer are grey with the saline alkali dust. They all
hilton -      Hilton Cubitt shook his massive head.
more -      "Dear me, this becomes more and more difficult for me to understand!
rugby -      P. S. I believe your friend Watson played Rugby for Blackheath when I
lead -      rough-hewn stone, and piles of coffins, some of lead and some of
read -      "So I read it."
knock -      see a weasel holding a young rabbit in the window. Knock old Sherman
coombe -      him all he needs. I dare say he goes to Coombe Tracey for what he
deal -      would have it, did the adventurer a great deal more good than harm.
more -      look so depressed. We can do little more until next Saturday, and in
began -      I began to understand what my friend meant when he said that his
worth -      drop isn't worth a place for pace alone. No, Mr. Holmes, we are done
home -      telegram home, therefore, to say that I had important business on
battle -      approaching battle all these poor creatures had been evacuated the
touch -      mousseline de soie, with a touch of fluffy pink chiffon at her neck
way -      nine o'clock.  On our way we had to pass through Hudson Street, which
lady -      the other clerks about having letters from a lady, so I offered to
wall -      the wall of the house, and I thrust a peg into the spot. You can
grey -      Holmes was grey with anger and mortification.
blackheath -      You don't! I told you that you should go to Blackheath first and
america -      California, then they chased me out of America; but when I married
oath -      "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with an oath. "You've come to
edge -      very edge of death, sat up on the barrel over which he had been
bradshaw -      "Bradshaw!"
eye -      have a quick eye for colour. Never trust to general impressions, my
settle -      me! I must pass you. My friends and I are going to settle this matter
hope -      "Come up, my dear sir," said Holmes's voice from above. "I hope you
staunton -      have come to ask you about Mr. Godfrey Staunton."
town -      friendless in this inhospitable town, which we cannot leave without
high -      It was my first visit to the scene of the crime--a high, dingy,
grey -      little pile of grey dust from the floor, and packed it away in an
rooms -      who has, for his own purposes, been in Blessington's rooms?"
box -      getting into a box to think, but that is the logical outcome of my
read -      it was at this moment that his terrible death occurred. I read at the
well -      "Don't you see any bearing upon the case? Well, well, I don't insist
bridge -      murderer escaped. It was a tall order, that; but as the bridge was up
old -      near the old stone cross upon the moor. He left them shortly after
how -      has decided how to meet it.
hope -      "'Well, I hope to goodness the house won't be burgled during the
way -      who came in his way. I expect those cries about a monster, of which
how -      "How long were you with Douglas in California?" asked Inspector
torquay -      at the boarding-house of Madame Charpentier, in Torquay Terrace,
well -      "Well, it might do--so far as it goes."
hope -      "I hope I didn't harm you. When you accused me of hurting her I lost
cathedral -      doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral,
link -      link for his chain. We had shaken off Lord Mount-James, and Overton
reach -      open it. No water-pipe near. Roof quite out of reach. Yet a man has
south -      a hundred miles to the east, and Cawnpore about as far to the south.
letters -      and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white letters, upon a corner
thorn -      thorn stuck in the skin just above the ear.
more -      little more of the new inmates of the cottage. I approached and
lady -      understand that I have known this lady since she was a child. There
well -      passes. Well, time's up, and I'll just say--"
way -      crawled my way up to it. They may be darned sharp, but they're not
whitehall -      the Diogenes Club, Whitehall--that is his cycle. Once, and only once,
pocket -      his pocket a short jemmy, a box-opener, which he thrust into a chink,
how -      "But how will you look?"
home -      that as long as I live at home I don't wish to be a burden to them,
camberwell -      in Camberwell--that doesn't help us much. Name, you say, is assumed.
water -      on the water.
lady -      "I should think you had better see the young lady herself."
hope -      "Yes, it is it--and the letter is intact. Hope, I congratulate you."
well -      "Well, my dear sir, knowing the vindictive character of his old
brougham -      myself overdue, I went down with him into the street. A brougham was
glass -      and so the third glass received the bees-wing. That does not appear
mark -      person, who bore every mark of refinement and culture.
staunton -      help Mr. Godfrey Staunton, and I am convinced that the best service
rooms -      seem to have quite a suite of spare rooms up there, and one of them
point -      proportion should be observed in treating them. The only point in the
stapleton -      When I was watching Stapleton, Cartwright was frequently watching
wooden -      is a white wooden gate with a latch. Beyond it lies the wide moor. I
eye -      though she, with the keen eye of love, saw plainly that he was ill at
fitzroy -      "The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson," he remarked,
real -      fainting. I simply wish to hear your real, real opinion."
well -      "I see--her ladyship's waiting-maid. Well, the temptation of sudden
well -      and stood by until they had sunk. I knew very well that the owner
bow -      Bow. Several previous experiences which have lain long in my
wells -      was from Tunbridge Wells that he might be expected to have come. We
well -      "'Well, you have to be in the office, or at least in the building,
laid -      Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in
way -      estate with their wives and children, on their way to Agra, where
well -      "Well, hardly that. But there are not many launches to beat us."
scotland -      in Scotland one week, and be raising money to build an orphanage in
station -      took a cab at the station, and ordered the man to drive to the house
boot -      missing boot."
well -      will never see his pet again. Well, I do not know that this place
valley -      of the Valley of Fear."
lady -      lady's window. There is an early train to town, Watson, but I think
norwood -      to be at the Norwood Police Station, and was on the ground within
park -      park, slap across it, sir, within a hundred yards of his own front
old -      "'Nonsense, old chap!' said the other, slapping him upon the
wing -      else, and no sound could alarm those who are in the farther wing.
stroud -      beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found
lock -      would be a purveyor to the gallows and the prison? I'll lock it up in
whittington -      of the bridegroom), and Lady Alicia Whittington. The whole party
glass -      full bearded, with spectacles, one glass of which had been knocked
true -      true state of affairs.'
old -      better than quote the old hunter's own account, as duly recorded in
well -      of the street. Well, if you won't, I will.' And with that he rushed
wing -      wing are on the ground floor, the sitting-rooms being in the central
keeping -      keeping with the house. Inside, however, there were large rooms
way -      the light. Instantly I made my way back to my room, and very shortly
westville -      Westville Arms. There's no other place; but I hear that it is clean
well -      recalling the incidents of Beecher's career. I was well aware that
dunbar -      should desire to see Miss Dunbar before we go farther."
box -      was the tin box on a shelf. I had as much right to it as Peter Carey,
read -      "Will call at 6.30--C.A.M.," I read.
jump -      the college, and got his Blue for the hurdles and the long jump. He
america -      America, it is surely little enough if you go a hundred miles in
coombe -      "Yes, once or twice, when he came into Coombe Tracey. He was a very
more -      was the only woman to me. Every day of that voyage I loved her more,
lodge -      Lodge."
common -      common burglary, you say?"
well -      "Well, well, MacKinnon is a good fellow," said Holmes with a tolerant
old -      mind the old girl here, but come along with me now straight away. You
way -      on its way thither at the present instant as fast as steam can take
rooms -      who inhabit these rooms. The lower of the three is Gilchrist, a fine
leslie -      paid by Mr. Godfrey Staunton last month to Dr. Leslie Armstrong of
station -      local police station, in charge of Sergeant Wilson of the Sussex
lover -      before going further. An unsuccessful lover might have killed Mr. and
point -      at one point where the little cove and village of Fulworth break the
way -      that you held under your grip. There was just one way of doing it,
catch -      the catch which held the door of the great lion's cage.
charing -      smoking-room of the Charing Cross Hotel at noon on Saturday. Remember
more -      more cadaverous than ever, his shoulders had rounded, and he seemed
breach -      potentate to secure and publish this letter, so as to make a breach
start -      were to start you in Brook Street?'
bridge -                            THE PROBLEM OF THOR BRIDGE
catch -      "We must catch her!" cried Holmes, between his teeth. "Heap it on,
twenty -      Moran he had actually won as much as four hundred and twenty pounds
friendly -      but try--the motto of the firm. A friendly native will surely guide
sudden -      oaks around it as one only sees in rural England, then a sudden turn,
began -      pockets, began talking, rather to himself, as it seemed, than to us.
lock -      the key in the lock."
wall -      the figure 2 upon the wall of his house, and the next day would be
well -      "Well, it's printed on the board above your head. It's easy to see a
mortimer -      by the clogs of curious peasants. Oh, Dr. Mortimer, Dr. Mortimer, to
moat -      the moat, it at once became apparent to me that the body we had found
sound -      the long night I still from time to time heard the dull sound of his
staunton -      Staunton and the bearded man? And what is the third source from which
white -      white fog. It was drifting slowly in our direction, and banked itself
reach -      to my experience it is not possible to reach the platform of a
how -      twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls
hound -      Watson. Say nothing of the hound to Sir Henry. Let him think that
douglas -      put it that Mrs. Douglas and Barker know the truth about the murder,
spring -      It was twilight of a lovely spring evening, and even Little Ryder
gang -      "'It seemed that after we had left, Prendergast and his gang had
well -      No one else would have done better. Some possibly not so well. But
staunton -      "Did you hear from Mr. Staunton in London?"
way -      moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground.  She
firbank -      Firbank Villas--mind you take the address, Mr. Holmes--and had her
street -      thought was in my head as I turned into my own street, and at that
dull -      sometimes into a dull mumble and rising again into a shrill whine.
clouds -      at present see in the clouds. However innocent he might be, he could
eye -      "Well, he is sure to keep an eye on the papers, since, to a poor man,
quick -      We heard the door open, a few hurried words, and then quick steps
way -      crinkled hands were half closed in a way that is distinctive of
more -      as these details are, my inquiries must go more to the root of
law -      the law is evoked it cannot be stayed again, and this is just one of
america -      Douglas was a rich gentleman who had made his money in America. He
wilson -      and of his associate, whose name was Wilson Kemp--a man of the
well -      not well, but I could read his fears upon his wicked face. Any
letters -      letters and telegrams, which they were carefully sorting and
turn -      which would serve our turn well. Do you bring one over. We shall
reach -      guard against any packages which reach me. It was clear to me,
way -      way in which I uttered them. I had already observed that he was as
old -      "'Have you any old elms?' I asked.
surrey -      day on the Surrey border has not been much more profitable than your
how -      "How can I send her the child?" he said. "How do I know what strange
muirhead -      Our client, Mr. Robert Ferguson, of Ferguson and Muirhead, tea
how -      "I think I did. But how do you know?"
well -      "Well, Holmes, I must confess that when I consider that this is a man
loose -      that the creature which he carried in his box got loose.  That is all
sound -      "I am usually an extremely sound sleeper. It has been a standing jest
height -      five foot nine in height, fifty or so years of age, his hair slightly
hale -      for those very words that you have uttered he could hale you to a
start -      "Could you start at once?"
sheet -      single sheet of gray paper. 'The supply of game for London is going
kimberley -      terror from Kimberley to Johannesburg. Why, Mr. Holmes, you'll hardly
high -      his own ducal hall. The blood flushed into his high forehead, but his
reach -      practice and with the constant appeals which reach me from many
grey -      that the light was hazy and uncertain, giving a dull grey tinge to
charing -      opposite to me and we started off through Charing Cross and up the
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer looked strangely at us for an instant, and his voice
birmingham -      "I had opened up inquiries in Birmingham," said the American, "and my
field -      clear field. Besides, we must be prompt, for this marriage may mean a
real -      single real clue which was presented to you. I had the good fortune
well -      Duke is far from well. He has been very much upset by the tragic
london -      "I must say that I am rather disappointed in our London consultant,"
street -      practice), when my way led me through Baker Street. As I passed the
burn -      to me in this case. You can burn it if it's any use in lighting you
old -      this Hippocratic smile, or 'risus sardonicus,' as the old writers
more -      of a proposal and all else would follow? It is the more strange,
water -      have been upon the knife, and your body in the water. But the Sikh
scotland -      "Yes. That is what Mr. Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, looks upon as so
old -      old convict ships had been largely used as transports in the Black
oakshott -      named Oakshott, and lived in Brixton Road, where she fattened fowls
furnace -      boy held the tiller, while against the red glare of the furnace I
middlesex -      "Middlesex Corps, no doubt."
charing -      carried to Charing Cross Hospital and afterwards insisted upon being
more -      "Well, there are plenty of us about. You won't find the order more
more -      whose spirit was greater than his strength.  But what shocked me more
wall -      baffled and disheartened. Once again I had reached that dead wall
middle -      commanded. He was a thin, gruff, bespectacled man of middle age, his
street -      landau when a cab came through the street. The driver looked twice at
lady -      "That Miss Flora Millar, the lady who had caused the disturbance, has
hill -      hill, and there was our man running with great speed down the other
edge -      "I was walking on the cliff when I heard his cry. He was at the edge
well -      I saw no more of Holmes during the day, but I could well imagine how
hampshire -      Beddoes in Hampshire. He'll be as glad to see me as you were, I dare
how -      "Well, sir, you certainly got equal with me on that. But how in the
tower -      doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral,
more -      "More than that. It is probable. And now you see the deadly urgency
way -      side-lamps from the carriage to give us a better light upon our way.
manor -      "That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, Norfolk, is
court -      court of investigation. Holmes sat in a great, old-fashioned chair,
how -      "How do you know?"
mark -      surprise, might and occasionally did leave his mark upon his
steps -      Two steps to the west meant now that I was to go two paces down the
well -      "Well?" asked Lestrade.
wish -      daresay. There is one point which I should wish to determine." He
high -      stairs, a clatter of high voices, and in rushed a dozen dirty and
hatherley -      Hatherley, was let to Mr. Charles McCarthy, who was also an
letters -      Dovercourt. This fiend has several imprudent letters--imprudent,
box -      staring mad with a match box in front of him which contained a
how -      due to his ancestry and how far to his own early training.
county -      Dear, dear, one of the oldest families in the County of Norfolk, and
well -      "Well, it might be worth trying. But he has told her most of his sins
lady -      some five years ago a Peruvian lady, the daughter of a Peruvian
way -      systematic examination of all that came in his way. It struck me as
piece -      thought seized me, and I concealed a piece of the glass in my
touch -      would be put down to a strain in exercise or a touch of rheumatism,
lady -      advertisement, that the unfortunate young lady came of a wealthy
flash -      flash of lightning in the night shows up in an instant every detail
how -      in--couldn't keep her in the street. She told him how she had traced
tiptoe -      battle-axe, and then, leaving my candle behind me, I crept on tiptoe
tudor -      old grey building with its bristling Tudor chimneys, but the drive
bridge -      lowering the bridge. That's my reading of the first half."
link -      link--between ourselves. He is the only flaw in that chain so far as
cavendish -      seal-skin with half an ounce of long-cut Cavendish, a silver watch
valley -      "Surely you asked him what he meant by the Valley of Fear?"
loose -      being fell rather than sat down into a chair.  'Are his hands loose?
haven -      not missed anything. I haven't let the grass grow under my feet. It's
deal -      good deal earlier--half an hour at least before the ringing of the
white -      down the street, until the gray turban and white feather were but a
coat -      The man whom we had known as Douglas turned up his own coat and cuff
sheet -      rest of the sheet from him or he might have taken this fragment from
how -      "By Gar, mate! you know how to speak to the cops," he said in a voice
church -      church first, and when the four-wheeler drove up we waited for him to
wood -      had thrust the chunks of wood into the chink, until at last, when the
well -      "Tut-tut! Well, then, these tracks upon the grass, were they coming
water -      bride's wreath and veil, all discoloured and soaked in water.
sound -      reasoning seems to have been pretty sound, Watson."
charles -      the fallen grandeur of his line. Sir Charles, as is well known, made
weeks -      move. It is only within the last weeks that he has returned, after a
high -      He had been talking in a high, quick voice, staring blankly up over
wish -      wish to interrupt your most interesting narrative. Just a little
well -      Young speedily proved himself to be a skilful administrator as well
close -      they vanished close to the gravel path which leads out of the
success -      credit for success and may be blamed for failure. Now, you play
london -      secret correspondence with a Bohemian dealer in London, who
stapleton -      it does not always run loose upon the moor. Stapleton would not let
cunningham -      askance at the part which had been played by Mr. Alec Cunningham.
toller -      Holmes and I rushed out and round the angle of the house, with Toller
musgrave -      "'I hardly follow you,' said Musgrave. 'The paper seems to me to be
common -      common.
more -      "Well, Watson, there seemed to be no more to say, so I took my leave
well -      "Well, now, let us put ourselves in the place of Jonathan Small. Let
press -      "A printing press--a counterfeiter's outfit," said Holmes.
holland -      roadway between the 'White Hart' Tavern and Holland Grove. Apply Dr.
water -      to know how you managed it. Will you have some whiskey and water?"
musgrave -      "'"Mr. Musgrave, sir," he cried, in a voice which was hoarse with
steps -      was a sound at the door. There were steps in the passage. Lucas
bridge -      swiftly past the Houses of Parliament and over Westminster Bridge.
heads -      Holmes pointed to the street lamp above our heads.
point -      gains and of the scale on which he works. Another point: I made it my
well -      things were not going well with him or his quest. He would say
tavistock -      It was evening before we reached the little town of Tavistock, which
college -      "Reginald Musgrave had been in the same college as myself, and I had
eye -      as long as his eye was on me, and then I struck off across the moor
steep -      picked his way to the corner of the building, where a steep stair led
rose -      you can see, and ends in that plaster rose in the centre of the
close -      border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son,
trevor -      suspicion in Mr. Trevor's manner towards me. Even his son remarked
college -      cloud not only on the college, but on the University. Above all
bristol -      days at Bristol, and had only just returned upon the morning of last
more -      would say it was a more shapely sole. However, they are certainly
dull -      October 16th.--A dull and foggy day with a drizzle of rain. The house
ordnance -      Stamford's for the Ordnance map of this portion of the moor, and my
petty -      "That hurts my pride, Watson," he said at last. "It is a petty
box -      putting it in the box. "This should put another bird in the cage. I
shinwell -      different angle. I rather fancy that Shinwell Johnson might be a
grain -      grain meant instant death. I spotted the bottle in which this
white -      He says that he could hardly recognize himself afterwards, so white,
letters -      word of five letters. It might be 'sever,' or 'lever,' or 'never.'
rode -      steep nullah. I rode down to see what it was, and the cold struck
laid -      and laid down my musket to strike the match. In an instant the two
park -      breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees,
raise -      of his own, but before he could raise it he was looking down the
way -      every way without any light being thrown upon the matter. The
charles -      ourselves in some business. Sir Charles's generosity has given us the
scott -      "I am sure of it, Mr. Scott Eccles--I am sure of it," said Inspector
charles -      It's about poor Sir Charles's death."
moor -      the broad moor, and behind him that one black smudge on the silvered
barney -      ten pounds to you if you will tell me who is at the back of Barney."
way -      forwards in a way very different from that of the captain. So he
america -      are," said Holmes, sternly. "She fled from America to avoid you, and
hound -      A sheep-dog of the moor? Or a spectral hound, black, silent, and
more -      more than an inch and a half long. If you examine the top of the cork
street -      It was a blazing hot day in August. Baker Street was like an oven,
way -      whole way. We rattled across Waterloo Bridge and through miles of
forth -      narratives, its effect is much less striking when set forth en bloc
street -      the paper, and conveyed it to Godolphin Street."
home -      wisely to settle their feuds at home, and not to carry them on to
old -      us that evening at our old quarters in the Chequers. "He heard from
well -      made upon you?" The question might as well have been spoken. Then,
london -      away to London. She had been engaged to me, and she would have
southsea -      of Southsea. A depleted bank account had caused me to postpone my
laid -      There is ever a flaw, however, in the best laid of human plans, and
sudden -      carriage, a capacity for sudden, fierce anger, which compelled the
lady -      she blamed this innocent lady for all those harsh dealings and unkind
wish -      wish in this house, and that my time may be more profitably employed
street -      Baker Street. Nothing had been said during our drive, but the high,
central -      than the central part of the house, and the bright paper and numerous
well -      "Well, my theory is that he followed Drebber as far as the Brixton
spring -      lovely trip, the dainty green of the spring below, the virgin white
village -      so that he is periodically either carried in triumph down the village
grey -      thick-soled shooting-boots and a grey cloak, smokes Indian cigars,
white -      "And the white cock?"
link -      servants live on one side, the family on the other. There's no link
well -      well the immense risks taken by Holmes and was well aware that what
vicarage -      hold his own with the best. When the vicarage caught fire he
quarter -      before--about a quarter of an hour, she says."
box -      himself of the passion. His letters and the box may be connected with
common -      Beppo as a common factor, both in Kennington and in Kensington, so
hammer -      the extinction of one man. It is crushing the nut with the hammer--an
stone -      arable land, cut up into small fields, with stone walls between them.
touch -      was a touch of defiance in his voice and manner as he proceeded.
steps -      continued as we retraced our steps swiftly down the path. "Those
true -      "That is true," said I.
way -      pearls, twelve of which were set in a gold coronet. By the way, these
well -      "Well, you know best about that," McMurdo answered. "But whatever you
glass -      glass cupboard between the windows. Then behind his desk is the door
mere -      and I was deeply hurt. I endeavoured to explain that it was a mere
well -      stables, my horses--everything. Well, Mr. Holmes, my sister did die
lodge -      affiliated to Lodge 341, Brother McMurdo. We have our own ways and
hatherley -      notice--that of Mr. Hatherley's thumb, and that of Colonel
walls -      come from the walls of her hiding-place. Her face, too, was streaked
more -      hands upon that lady we should know more about Sir Charles's death."
wall -      criminals with which every wall was adorned. Finally, in my aimless
ross -      his serving-man in the morning at Ross, and he had told the man that
point -      patches everywhere into which one may sink and with no guide to point
rose -      more welcome. She rose from a settee as we entered: tall, queenly, a
way -      branching off at Leuk, we made our way over the Gemmi Pass, still
grey -      ground with some little violence. Instantly there broke from the grey
close -      slow and methodical way, while we kept close at his heels, with our
quarter -      my interest every quarter and pays it over to mother, and I find that
read -      "That's how I read it. If you find an indelible pencil on the body--"
dull -      McGinty sounded dull and distant through the covering of his ears.
station -      proved, upon my approaching it, to be the very station at which I had
london -      refuges in different parts of London in which he was able to change
bow -      double bow, which is not your usual method of tying them. You have,
more -      "I would ask you one more question, Miss Stapleton. If you meant no
london -      and if I hadn't put him out he would have flooded London with them. I
hatherley -      laughing. "But I am very much mistaken if this is not Hatherley Farm
crow -      not only over the killing of the manager and engineer of the Crow
station -      point close to the station, where the line emerges from the tunnel in
harley -      crossed Oxford Street and were half way down Harley Street before I
county -      million, ruined half the county families of Cornwall, and Neligan
how -      Holmes, and I quite appreciate how valuable your time is. The fact is
town -      been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. How
stock -      "They appear to be lists of Stock Exchange securities. I thought that
charles -      was it?" "His who is gone." That was after the execution of Charles.
abbey -      the Abbey Grange was sufficiently strange to arrest his attention and
old -      trivial, and hastened downstairs. As I descended, my old ally, the
send -      "Send for the police."
stapleton -      moor. I accepted Stapleton's invitation, and we turned together down
wish -      "Alas, I did not take it! I did not wish to trouble Mr. Sutro, and so
press -      "The Coroner: I am afraid that I must press it.
true -      facts were true, but could I help to make a jury of countrymen
began -      Lestrade began to laugh.
valley -      valley of Utah bathed in the sunlight beneath them, and learned from
salt -      Saints, and Hope, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake
well -      "Well, then, will you please compare that print with this wax
old -      the heir to this crabbed old nobleman, and it was quite certain that
village -      inquire; so I returned alone to our modest quarters at the village
keeping -      "And then after you had sent the letter he dissuaded you from keeping
steps -      steps stood at one side of the room, in the midst of a litter of lath
farrington -      until we emerged into Farrington Street.
water -      water rising, or something."
lodge -      black blood. You come under lodge discipline if it goes further, and
fence -      blurred circle on to the garden path. The wooden fence which
weeks -      started together for South Africa in the Palmyra three weeks ago."
point -      "Is there any other point which you would like to ask about?" asked
way -      Only in this way can I make the reader appreciate the people
way -      The detective looked at my friend in a singular way.
lawn -      window shut, but I could just make out the bushes on the lawn, and it
lady -      The young lady resumed her seat with an air of displeasure. Her
law -      initial. John Garrideb, Counsellor at Law, Moorville, Kansas, U. S.
lady -      this moment the door opened and a young lady was shown into the room.
plains -      caÃ±ons; and there are enormous plains, which in winter are white with
white -      shivering of his eyelids, which showed a thin white slit of ball
holborn -      stamp of Marx and Co., High Holborn, had been left behind.
way -      "Quite so. I argued that the launch must be no great way off, in
stand -      stand in the way not merely of an individual, but of a mighty
well -      wife? I must tell her that all is well. Hilda! Hilda!" we heard his
mortimer -      said Dr. Mortimer. "A glance at our friend here reveals the rounded
rise -      carriage wheels caused him to rise and glance out of the window. A
touch -      touch with friend Bennett and enjoy the amenities of this charming
rose -      Again Holmes flattened out the paper upon his unused plate. I rose
blacker -      blacker were the scowls which greeted him as he passed along the
way -      in his quick, clear way.
canada -      this young stranger from Canada might possibly be done to death in
lady -      any use to us, but at her side was a white-faced young lady, who
carey -      question Peter Carey about these different securities. You may have
wall -      patch upon the moonlit wall. Presently he tired of this amusement,
beach -      cliff path which led to the steep descent to the beach. As I walked I
more -      The pain was evidently terrible and was more than local, for the
moor -      simple and might be found in any issue, but 'moor' would be less
home -      night. The alibi was complete. It is true that he started home at an
more -      one--so much so that I think his destination is more likely to be
well -      "Quite so. Round the world. Well, good-morning. I may drop you a line
raise -      the latter raise up his hand as if to strike his father. She was so
piece -      pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper,
way -      way:
more -      "Have you any reason to suspect any one of them more than the
well -      was well aware that the fiend was not dead, but sleeping; and I have
broker -      'J.H.N.' were the initials of a broker, and that 'C.P.R.' may have
crook -      admitted me to the room, and the crook of Dr. Watson's umbrella, I
well -      "Well, yes. Save, perhaps, that. And yet this John Openshaw seems to
way -      for it is a very extraordinary one, and I have not much in the way of
more -      organization was wider and more complex than the simple lodge. Even
station -      station he asked leave to make a statement, which was, of course,
main -      racing. 'Green open, white shut.' That is clearly a signal. 'Main
sussex -      present--a great brain in London, and a dead man in Sussex. It's the
pocket -      towards the light. "Here, as you perceive, is the inner pocket
lady -      shown into the sitting-room to wait for the lady, but it is probable
street -      us to Cross Street, where Miss Cushing resided.
more -      distinguish one from the other. He followed one for a mile or more
countess -      compromise the Countess d'Albert. You want to sell them. I want to
valley -      society, or Valley of Fear, or Boss MacSomebody, or anything else.
hill -      there rose in the distance a gray, melancholy hill, with a strange
high -      Yours with high esteem,
euston -      Bedfordshire in company with Mr. James M. Dodd. As we drove to Euston
lock -      right up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock to the door. Large
water -      of the thrill which the hunter feels when he lies beside the water
more -      darkness. It was more subtle than that--something slinking, something
common -      He may have been a common burglar, or he may have had some private
rooms -      "By Jove!" I cried, "if he really wants someone to share the rooms
pocket -      in your pocket and afraid that the smell will give you away." He
worth -      information came through you," he cried. "What is it worth? What have
hill -      which are about half-way up the hill, without making a small detour
harrow -      interested out Harrow way--you know what I'm meaning--and he don't
true -      in 1871, which have suggested to him the true solution. Here is the
hamlet -      hamlet, in which two larger buildings, which proved to be the inn and
way -      not be far off. By the way, where is the key of that little box of
quick -      greeting, with a quick little questioning glance from his small
way -      side, springing over the stones in his way with the activity of a
way -      Sydney, where Evans and I changed our names and made our way to the
more -      afternoon, he walked into my office in the City. But I was still more
way -      life-preserver. He always carried it with him. As West forced his way
rode -      Young Jefferson Hope rode on with his companions, gloomy and
paisley -      elderly, with a Paisley shawl.'
dartmoor -      of Dartmoor. From hour to hour yesterday I expected to hear that he
twenty -      His grip has been upon me these twenty years, and he has blasted my
salt -      over-exposure and under-feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've
countess -      dressing-room of the Countess of Morcar upon the day of the robbery
home -      which any of its outrages were traced home to the perpetrators. For
london -      followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only
maud -      showed an intimate correspondence with a certain Miss Maud Bellamy,
turn -      the edge of the wharf. We took Toby round to each in turn, but,
tavistock -      steeples of Tavistock, and by a cluster of houses away to the
stone -      "See, Watson!" said he. "'High red house with stone facings.' There
wall -      put the mark upon the wall during the night, either with his own hand
rose -      door. A mad, unreasoning terror rose up in me at the sight, Mr.
how -      sphere. Now, I'll tell you how it stands with me. What I have to
reach -      the northern slope of the Sierra Blanco. As far as the eye can reach
well -      "Don't I? Well, perhaps I don't. But I am sure that it will interest
read -      "That's how I read it," said Barker. "But, I say, aren't we wasting
montpellier -      Rue de Trajan, Montpellier. All this I jotted down and felt that
press -      London press. Now, after thirteen years, I will give the true details
london -      New York, and I've been close to him for a week in London, waiting
more -      to be almost inexplicable. Nothing could be more natural than the
how -      the light yet. How have the years used you? You look the same blithe
carey -      gap between an absconding banker and Captain Peter Carey pinned
well -      "Kiss it and make it well," she said, with perfect gravity, shoving
way -      now in the city of Agra, and desires to gain his way into the fort.
common -      exposed. Such slips are common to all mortals, and the greatest is he
west -      "Well, down they came to the west country, there was no shaking them
well -      "Well, well!" said he coolly as he scrambled to the surface. "I guess
stand -      can hardly accept lumbago, since he was able to stand erect in a
heads -      brown birds, which circled over the heads of the two wanderers, and
stone -      liberty--the very great liberty, I admit--of putting the stone into
letters -      complete maker's name; but the printed letters P-E-N were on the
read -      I took the paper from him and read as follows:
more -      report, where more stress is laid, perhaps, upon the platitudes of
old -      "Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age.
lodge -      McMurdo showed mild surprise. "I've been a member of the lodge for
east -      spot with a peg. Then I carefully paced off five to the east and two
edge -      giddy with their constant whirl and clamor.  We stood near the edge
aberdeen -      me so well. There was a parallel instance in Aberdeen some years
west -      "Then West, if he is the culprit, must have had a duplicate. And yet
overton -      "Then our friend Overton's forebodings have been justified," said
carey -      north, and there met by Captain Peter Carey's ship. If that were so,
steps -      situation. Now, as the sound of heavy steps came from the stairs
horsham -      and send down to Fordham, the Horsham lawyer.'
arbour -      some surprise towards the rustic arbour in which we sat.
market -      the market price."
norfolk -      yours. If these conditions are too hard, then go back to Norfolk and
old -      very bad, but an old man has few pleasures. Tobacco and my work--that
lady -      could anyone offer so pitiful a sum to a lady with such attractions
sheet -      to trace cut sheet of Times.
sale -      francs--more than forty thousand pounds--at the Portalis sale may
station -      silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. The first faint
catch -      and where little Tonga is. When I saw that your launch must catch us,
lady -      and a lady was by his side who could only be Miss Stapleton. It was
merton -      "That sounds good to me!" cried Sam Merton with a grin.
gravel -      explaining what is obvious. The gravel upon the window-sill was, of
river -      "All right! Good luck! But, I say, if you are crossing the river you
wood -      name is Henry Wood, and he lives in lodgings in this same street in
well -      "It is well," returned the other. "Shall I tell Brother Drebber?"
old -      is an old tin mine on an island in the heart of the mire. It was
more -      university.  Well, Watson, you have one more specimen of the tragic
london -      elemental forces all London was no more than the molehills that dot
how -      "And how?"
strode -      he strode on into the house, followed by Gregson, whose features
high -      of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes."
winchester -      Winchester that day we went down to Thor Place, the Hampshire estate
way -      gone a long way towards solving the mystery."
langmere -      the north of Langmere, in the country of the Broads. The house was an
success -      and cupboard after cupboard, but no gleam of success came to brighten
point -      heavy in this valley, and that there will come a point where in
moulton -      Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a
stair -      opened a barred door, passed down a winding stair, and brought us to
rose -      Our unfortunate client rose with a ghastly face.
how -      inexplicable way to have seen. I did not tell him how urgent the
way -      "I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which
wall -      "The writing on the wall was done with a man's forefinger dipped in
rooms -      preserved my rooms and my papers exactly as they had always been. So
way -      yourself out of the way for the sake of a few hundred pounds.'
church -      against the Church vanished away, and none knew whither he had gone
coast -      out such a blind as that! The coast seems to be clear, save for that
how -      "You can easily imagine, Mr. Holmes, how curious I became as to what
way -      to lie off Rutland Island, and to which we were to make our way, and
settle -      got to settle the thing right."
rooms -      rooms smelling of iodoform, with a black mark of nitrate of silver
well -      "Well, I think we must wait for a little more material. After all,
musgrave -      "'My ancestor, Sir Ralph Musgrave, was a prominent Cavalier and the
tongue -      eyes were protruding, that my mouth was opened, and my tongue like
old -      old Martha, who has played her part to admiration. I got her the
pocket -      Phelps thrust away the precious document into the innermost pocket of
station -      is the signal station all right. We know the place, and we know the
stair -      descended the stair. Looking through the window I could see her
coast -      Ocean appeared over the green edge of the Norfolk coast, and the
well -      I may well have but a vague perception of what was there. I had known
station -      Station, and we shall soon set our doubts at rest."
heads -      Pritchard were among the heads of their profession. This man strikes
green -      swelling plain, mottled with the green patches of rushes. Nothing
well -      "Well, I know nothing about them. It's only what I have read."
vicarage -      vicarage you passed through the orchard and the side hedge, coming
how -      "How many will you take?"
well -      "Yes, it would be as well."
field -      and on the fourth a field which slopes down to the Southampton
mark -      there was the branded mark of the lodge upon his forearm. See here!"
mark -      metal in the light of the setting sun, were sufficient to mark the
london -      "It is he, then, who is our enemy--it is he who dogged us in London?"
ash -      upon the cigarette ash, that the prisoner had, in our absence, come
old -      old, his only son and heir, was about to be committed to my charge.
touch -      course. But, first of all, I must keep you in touch with some of the
true -      before they discovered its true value, but unfortunately I had no
point -      remarkable point, however, which will no doubt strike you."
leslie -      of Dr. Leslie Armstrong. A few minutes later we had stopped at a
old -      old hound who hears the view-halloa. He waved his hand to the sofa,
dunbar -      England ring. You will get news by to-morrow, Miss Dunbar, and
well -      "Well, if his skull was smashed in you would hardly expect to hear
lady -      bullet which wounded the lady?"
walls -      place--dismal and evil-smelling, with ancient crumbling walls of
county -      county gentleman, a life which ended with the strange happenings of
east -      a hundred miles to the east, and Cawnpore about as far to the south.
bush -      together behind a bush in the garden which had been his. I greeted
dunbar -      truth. For example, there is this revolver. Miss Dunbar disclaims all
milverton -      fact is that I knew this fellow Milverton, that I considered him one
reach -      if you reach it in twenty minutes.'
more -      present, and we have more immediate things to attend to. Now, Mr.
read -      the kindness to take the paper and to read me the paragraph in
more -      the contrary, his austere face was even more severe than usual as he
whitehall -      Whitehall every morning and back every evening.  From year's end to
compass -      From every point on the compass there was nothing but torture and
london -      away we dashed down the London Road. A few country carts were
haven -      "You haven't seen any of them?"
knock -      "Yes, it was a hard knock. In a curious place, too. It was not from
winchester -      difficulty in getting leave to come into Winchester this morning, but
aldgate -      "Aldgate, where the body was found, is considerably past the station
charles -      Charles was the elder. The second brother, who died young, is the
settle -      settle in the States before his impending wedding to Miss Violet de
rocks -      then settled upon some rocks which overlooked them. They were
rooms -      "You speak of danger. You have evidently seen more in these rooms
lee -      which would take me back to Lee.
well -      "Well, let us hope so. But our doubts will very soon be solved, for
lady -      declared that he had seen a lady leave the house thus apparelled, but
more -      observed that you had not had it more than a year. But you have taken
well -      lay out his foolscap once more--eh, Watson? Well, now, let us see
waterloo -      Shipley's Yard, near Waterloo Station."
stone -      approaching from the direction of the house, there was a stone seat.
mortimer -      "Now, tell me, Dr. Mortimer--and this is important--the marks which
baldwin -      Baldwin has ever forgiven us? If it were not that he fears you, what
law -      "If you leave it to a court of law to clear the matter up," said he,
town -      house, and gambling-den in the town, and his quick observation and
hope -      in my testimonial and application, but without the least hope of
norwood -      I gave it up at last and off I went to Norwood.
trevor -      "'My name, dear lad, is not Trevor. I was James Armitage in my
halfway -      planted halfway down the column. "Here it is. This is what began it
winder -      He tapped at the winder,--about three it would be. 'Show a leg,
how -      nerves. But how in the name of wonder did you come here, and what
philadelphia -      "Nor did I when I joined it at Philadelphia. It was just a benefit
how -      "How in the world can you say that?"
lawn -      we reached the lawn, crossed it, and were about to enter through the
well -      "Not clear? Well, if that isn't clear, what could be clear? Here is a
way -      there--Patrick was the name--Elsie Patrick. In some way we became
well -      5. Botany.--Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons
winchester -      hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow." With a few
row -      them,' said I. 'There will be a dreadful row at Woolwich if they are
well -      host's supper, and devoured it voraciously. "Does Lucy bear up well?"
hope -      "Travellers for Nevada," said Jefferson Hope, with his hand upon the
pool -      way of the woods to the Boscombe Pool. It was damp, marshy ground, as
rose -      instant, and then rose shrugging his shoulders.
lane -      movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable Park Lane
old -      the stair. A moment later our old friend Lestrade appeared in the
hole -      French window there was the pond, with one tempting little hole in
well -      "Ah! that's well thought of."
street -      the wheels of her carriage rattle off down the street.
berkshire -      estates extended over the borders into Berkshire in the north, and
more -      chair once more like one who is crushed.
warren -      the rabbit warren which is upon the other side. On my way I saw
stone -      a cleft of the hills there was a circle of the old stone huts, and in
scotland -      the top at Scotland Yard."
rooms -      said he; "I can serve you best by returning to my rooms."
station -      Alighting at the small wayside station, we drove for some miles
holly -      and Sir Edward Holly has actually been attacked. I've always been on
coat -      was the furze-bush upon which the coat had been hung.
more -      more than it could bear. If, on the other hand, I am to do it in the
moor -      the moor?"
how -      man was gone, so I thought no more about it. But you can imagine how
more -      purpose may be even more important. Henderson has two children--girls
start -      There were two guides given us to start with, an oak and an elm. As
overton -      Overton."
turn -      business, but he was not of a business turn. He was wild, wayward,
hatherley -      the Hatherley side of the pool the woods grew very thick, and there
heads -      window of old stained glass, the oak panelling, the stags' heads, the
stand -      "Here, you," said Baldwin to McMurdo, "you can stand below at the
more -      "I can give you every information," said he, "and, what is more, I
british -      facts connected with the loss of the British barque "Sophy Anderson",
bohemia -      small matter in which I endeavoured to help the King of Bohemia, the
mark -      it. Here, once again, was the mark of the bicycle, though nearly
wall -      wall reflected and multiplied the garish illumination. There were
point -      "Terse and to the point," remarked Holmes, stretching his long, thin
farmers -      folk, small farmers, well known and respected over the country-side,
way -      "Quite so. I have a kind of intuition that way. Now and again a case
way -      seen his son, Mr. James McCarthy, going the same way with a gun under
way -      abruptly; and in the carriage, on our way home, she seemed absurdly
steel -      had a foeman more worthy of our steel."
athelney -      "You are deceiving us, Small," said Athelney Jones, sternly. "If you
stout -      stout gentleman with the wig ought to be a Reynolds. They are all
clouds -      arrangements. Patience and prudence. The clouds will pass. G.'
london -      privilege of the London force.
green -      amid the thick green foliage, but behind the peaceful and sunlit
street -      Baker Street. But even so it was twenty-five to eight as we passed
law -                                  Law and Order!
station -      valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock Holmes was
turn -      never seen before. Convinced that he had taken the wrong turn, he
sheet -      "The remainder of the sheet!" cried the Inspector.
quick -      The Premier sprang to his feet with that quick, fierce gleam of his
more -      was up--my mind was always more restful when that bridge was up in
way -      market in the same way last year?"
scotland -      staircase of Scotland Yard. The Pinkerton man had tried to push past
laid -      He unfolded the rough chart, which I here reproduce, and he laid it
began -      light of hope began to glimmer in the glance which she turned upon
way -      formed the habit, it had become in some way helpful that I should
pinnacle -      puts him on a pinnacle in the records of crime.  I tell you, Watson,
tongue -      face and two venomous eyes which uttered more threats than his tongue
turn -      thick flickering curtain of spray hissing forever upward, turn a man
mortimer -      "A dog!" said Holmes. "By Jove, a curly-haired spaniel. Poor Mortimer
montpellier -      ill-timed jest--indeed, I had already reached Montpellier in my
way -      Tregennis, I take it you were divided in some way from your family,
turn -      salesman named Breckinridge, by him in turn to Mr. Windigate, of the
well -      "Well, it is surely perfectly clear who took them away. They are
lawn -      the lawn, sprang up and into the room once more, all with the energy
lee -      get to Lee. It seems absurdly simple, and yet, somehow I can get
weeks -      in a sitting some weeks before from Godfrey Milner and Lord Balmoral.
high -      cart, or a peasant, until you reach the high road near Crooksbury
loose -      of seven days, but a hogshead got loose and started one of our
deal -      "It certainly needs a good deal of justification. May I ask, Mr.
street -      Then she came down the street with her eyes blazing, and I saw the
field -      to some other field. There is no opening for them here."
ashes -      "There you have it," said Sherlock Holmes, knocking out the ashes of
old -      to the lodge he stopped at old man Shafter's. The house was forbidden
station -      "Aldgate, where the body was found, is considerably past the station
hound -      you to this fright. I was prepared for a hound, but not for such a
rose -      She rose, and I was again conscious of that quick, questioning glance
main -      rabbit into its hole to develop his pictures. That is his main fault,
white -      the foot-paths it still lay as white as when it fell. The grey
mortimer -      Mortimer, whose orders were to come at twelve o'clock. The Professor
derby -      "I've heard he has a horse entered for the Derby."
fleet -      of the French fleet gaining a complete ascendancy over that of Italy
more -      "That, and a deal more. I tell you, Watson, I've only known her these
lady -      The lady sprang to her feet, with the colour all dashed in an instant
home -      from his announced intention of walking home with me. I kept the road
roman -      "Mrs. Barclay was, it appears, a member of the Roman Catholic Church,
more -      "I could hardly imagine a more damning case," I remarked. "If ever
steps -      steps--for the house was none other than the opium den in which you
more -      be the more worthy of being placed upon record, even if it gave my
cross -      Even in dry seasons it is a danger to cross it, but after these
twenty -      if you reach it in twenty minutes.'
how -      theories. How lucky that I happened to be out at Norwood over another
surrey -      it was to find in the heart of Surrey, and that I agreed with him,
street -      the street was called in which they boarded, when I saw a cab drive
turn -      back from me. Why should she turn so pale? Why should she fight
marine -      however, and regulation side whiskers. There we have the marine. He
well -      "Well asked, Watson. You would certainly fall down badly if you did
more -      on that which is most important and tell you more about the
rooms -      brother's rooms in Pall Mall, where I spent the day.  Now I have come
point -      the point of damned impertinence.'
haven -      "I haven't got a bicycle."
old -      merchant, and the adventure of the old Russian woman, and the
link -      which is known whenever we are shown a single link of it. Like all
tore -      a convulsive effort tore the plaster from his lips, and screaming out
weeks -      Three weeks had passed since Jefferson Hope and his comrades had
hound -                           THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES
roundhay -      "I have no objection to telling you," he said. "It was Mr. Roundhay,
stapleton -      And so it was arranged. Resisting Stapleton's offer of hospitality,
martin -      the third cartridge. I really think, Inspector Martin, that our case
way -      their way swiftly along the street. Having reached the Union House,
how -      for me. I don't mind how I get on."
woodley -      ex-clergyman, bowed to us with mock politeness, and the bully Woodley
mark -      it. They rapidly and rather clumsily met the situation. The mark was
more -      tragedy. What do we find? A few cattle tracks, nothing more. I took a
baldwin -      to see you, Mr. Baldwin," said she. "You're earlier than I had
sound -      This was raving insanity. He shuddered, and again made a sound
more -      [ Picture: Picture of some more dancing man figures ]
grey -      grey, and her expression was weary and haggard. Sherlock Holmes ran
quick -      She rose, and I was again conscious of that quick, questioning glance
east -      in the east of Yorkshire. His reason for attempting this special line
true -      plain. That is hardly true. Looking down from the Sierra Blanco, one
laid -      I was laid by the heels for ten days, but Trevor used to come in to
hill -      than to observe him from the hill, and to clear my conscience by
london -      turbid depths of London life, there was some strange swirl or eddy,
stair -      feet and ran with her along the corridor and down a winding stair.
california -      Lucy as well as her father. He had been a pioneer in California, and
more -      him. But I cared a great deal for the much more formidable person who
charles -      hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it
green -      Philip Green, who is a fellow-lodger with you in this hotel, and we
way -      here,' says he. By the way, mister, talking of Jack James, it seems
height -      are some trees, Watson, which grow to a certain height and then
deal -      "I have no doubt that I could tell you a great deal more, Mr. Barker;
mortimer -      the street. Dr. Mortimer and Baskerville were still visible about two
well -      "Well, though I had her heart, her father was set upon her marrying
west -      "The place is disorganized. The chief dead, Cadogan West dead, our
burrow -      desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in a burrow
mounts -      the whole sinister semicircle of Mounts Bay, that old death trap of
close -      It was a close, musty, ill-ventilated place, as might be expected,
how -      "How many half-crowns?"
rooms -      in the rooms of the Indian--a silent, little, hook-nosed fellow, who
grays -      It was twenty minutes, and the reds had all faded into grays before
america -      concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must elapse before
old -      was most likely to interest that exceedingly unpleasant old person."
more -      this sinister relic. "Anything more?"
wish -      "I would wish to know it," said the Prussian grimly.
water -      water pastures were valueless compared to this gloomy land of black
gilmerton -      popular mine owners in the Gilmerton district, a man who was believed
random -      than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got
turn -      at the closed door. Glancing at Holmes, I saw his face turn rigid,
street -      Brook Street Mystery, as it was called, has never until now been
well -      I remained in my hiding-place, and it was well that I did so, for
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins had laid his hand upon her arm and claimed her as his
village -      fellow was white and quivering from the shock. The village sergeant,
lady -      the place which Lady Frances Carfax had sought when she left
bank -      Somewhere in the vaults of the bank of Cox and Co., at Charing Cross,
how -      I do not know how far Sherlock Holmes took any sleep that night, but
lane -      morning I took advantage of some ladders which were lying in the lane
how -      cunning rascal! This is how he gave me the slip the other night."
west -      difficulty in lowering West's body on to the train. That was the end
point -      "Now comes the point. From that time onward a curious change came
lordship -      but I can't stand his Lordship. Neither can Mr. Holmes, sir. You see,
main -      pin in it. Now, this line is the main road. You see that it runs east
park -      courageous. There's not a tree in the park, sir, that he has not
march -      occasional indiscretions of his own. In March of that year Dr. Moore
true -      account was true. It appears that he did indeed spend last night
deal -      "You appeared to read a good deal upon her which was quite invisible
walls -      black, empty windows and high, bare walls, towered up, sad and
lover -      secretive lover, beyond all doubt. But there are curious and
deal -      "'Have I anything to say? Yes, I have a deal to say. I have to make a
trevor -      "Victor Trevor sank his face into his shaking hands, 'It must be
hilton -      asking for Mrs. Hilton Cubitt no information should be given as to
well -      "And you go in disgrace. By thunder, you may well be ashamed of
bridge -      of the bridge, with my revolver in his hand, the string being taut
street -      221b, Baker Street. I went round, suspecting no harm, and the next
letters -      I. But what appeal could it be? There were only four letters in the
norfolk -      web in which our simple Norfolk squire is entangled."
devon -      "Mortimer, James, M.R.C.S., 1882, Grimpen, Dartmoor, Devon.
common -      he took up his residence at Baskerville Hall, and it is common talk
westminster -      swiftly past the Houses of Parliament and over Westminster Bridge.
east -      there was no gleam of hope. North, and east, and west he looked with
lawn -      beside the lawn in full view of the front windows. I took an exact
station -      place of safety at the Police Station. It was the merest chance my
old -      in a fair way towards finding what the secret was which the old
shop -      reached Regent Circus. Here on the left hand there stands a shop
america -      "You don't associate his past with any particular part of America?"
british -      "I spent a morning in the British Museum reading up on that and other
pocket -      pocket, Watson. Now, Mr. Lestrade, I will ask you all to accompany me
start -      "She gave a violent start and a kind of gasping cry when I spoke, and
rooms -      We met next day as he had arranged, and inspected the rooms at No.
shoscombe -      special pride of the lady of Shoscombe Old Place."
twenty -      least twenty minutes after he, got home before her?"
surrey -      and peaceful, to all appearance, as Surrey or Kent; the next there
cocks -      "Cocks and hens," cried the little girl gleefully, pointing at their
turn -      turn my conjecture into a certainty. Circumstantial evidence is
more -      is not more than thirty yards from the high-road.  A coachman and two
charing -      the immediate neighbourhood of Charing Cross. Do you see?"
how -      "How is Mr. Holmes, sir?" he asked.
way -      take a glance at it in my leisure. By the way, it is curious that you
well -      easily ascertained. Well, good-bye, Mr. Garrideb, and may you have
shaw -      the path ran right on into Ragged Shaw, the wood which backed on to
cargo -      cargo. By the time that their sailing-ship reaches Savannah the
white -      is extremely tall and thin, his forehead domes out in a white curve,
water -      Several small punts and skiffs were lying about in the water and on
touch -      "Contagious by touch, Watson--that's it, by touch. Keep your distance
bury -      "I had intended to bury myself in central Africa. My work there is
court -      last and highest court of appeal in detection. When Gregson or
point -      eligible from a worldly point of view, were at least more of an age.
sharpness -      of the head, the squareness of the shoulders, the sharpness of the
old -      prosperity of old East Anglia. At last the violet rim of the German
valley -      ties, a flight into a strange world, ending in this dreary valley,
scott -      the coaxing of Scott Eccles to Wisteria Lodge had some connection
lodge -      audacity to revisit Wisteria Lodge. Inspector Baynes, considering
catch -      "Ah, Watson," said he, "I hoped that I might not be too late to catch
quarter -      been doing from quarter to eleven, when the sound of the shot brought
sea -      and in an hour we were well out at sea. Tonga had brought all his
turn -      use to us. I begin to suspect that this matter may turn out to be
charles -      in leaving she met any one or saw any one loitering about Charles
hook -      the bag, an' I'll drop it on your 'ead if you don't hook it."
lodge -      of any chance of our getting him. I would ask the lodge to choose a
well -      "Well, Wilson, any news?"
rose -      upon Sherlock Holmes. He rose from his chair and paced about the room
how -      "Poor fellow! Poor fellow! What can I do? How can I help?"
coat -      him, threw a coat over his head, and bundled him into a cab that was
well -      "Well, it was, as far as anybody that could be of any good goes."
point -      to your point, I admit; but you have such a deuced round-the-corner
norwood -      never have caught her. He swears he knew nothing of this Norwood
knock -      There was an agitated knock at the door, and an instant afterwards
battle -      of the crudest battle of life, the rude work to be done, and the
press -      "Ah, there's the point! Fortunately, it has not come out. The press
wood -      in the wood, that his mother longed to see him, that she was awaiting
piece -      extraordinary sequence of events, and endeavored to piece them
surrey -      and introduced his comrade as Inspector Baynes, of the Surrey
bare -      A short passage, bare planked and dusty, led to the kitchen and
read -      label, and his eyes as he glanced along them read a long series of
westbury -      fiancee, Miss Violet Westbury, whom he left abruptly in the fog about
trafalgar -      "He hailed me at half-past nine in Trafalgar Square. He said that he
street -      "Yes, but there is another empty house farther up the street which he
chiswick -      "No; I fancy Chiswick is an address which is more likely to find him.
turn -      and indecision swept over it in turn. Finally he took refuge in a
how -      ones, how did he die, how came his body where it was found, how can
crag -      Nature in her wildest moods. On the one side a great crag towered up
mortimer -      Mortimer, with more practical sense than I should have given him
street -      and Miles Street. Where the latter street turns into Knight's Place,
valley -      heavy in this valley, and that there will come a point where in
real -      fashion. Now, a real German invariably prints in the Latin character,
way -      our way in a day or two. By the way, Sir Robert is still in London, I
more -      business principle. I learned that detail quite by chance. It's more
strode -      "Poison," said Sherlock Holmes curtly, and strode off. "One other
burrow -      "Well, unless he has a burrow close by or a change of clothes ready,
norfolk -      place at Donnithorpe, in Norfolk, and I accepted his hospitality for
valley -      darker over the valley. But as the wise general chooses the moment of
carlton -      distance from the Carlton, and, cautioning me not to speak, he led
douglas -      Douglas that day; for he had seemed impatient and irritable, which
well -      "Well, he drew up his own death-warrant at the same time," said
more -      more obvious, as a rule, is the motive. In these cases, save for one
white -      America. I saw the American stamp. She turned deadly white, read the
street -      Street." He then shortly recapitulated the facts which have already
loose -      pouches under the closed eyes were leaden in colour, the loose mouth
ore -      the ore. Now the richer fields of the North have absorbed the trade,
rock -      the Rock of Gibraltar, their largest and best boat. A reference to
northumberland -      Baskerville, Northumberland Hotel," was printed in rough characters;
ridge -      advance which we make only reveals a fresh ridge beyond. And yet we
cross -      opposite to me and we started off through Charing Cross and up the
south -      South Australia with England, but we will draw the larger cover
letters -      the cover was printed in golden letters Practical Handbook of Bee
home -      home to visit an old friend of his, Major Freebody, who is in command
forth -      Prophet and his mission, might be one of those who would come forth
forest -      great forest which for so long held the Saxon invaders at bay--the
quarter -      "Still a quarter of an hour," said he. "Very good, I shall wait."
cunningham -      "Shall I send you home in my trap?" asked old Cunningham.
way -      pursued my way to Baskerville Hall.
old -      tweed-suited and respectable, as of old. Putting his hands into his
old -      dark hiding-place, a relic of old days, known only to himself. He
charles -      Charles's footmarks were easily traced down the Alley. Half-way down
pocket -      one day father struck a rich pocket and made a pile, while poor Frank
northumberland -      still, have driven to the Northumberland Hotel and waited there. When
how -      private reasons for vengeance, but in any case we knew how ruthless,
charles -      "You do Sir Charles an injustice. He did burn the letter. But
british -      legitimate. However, that is for a British jury to decide. Meanwhile
flat -      body. "You say that three people came out form the flat while you
lyons -      Mrs. Lyons had resumed her seat. Her hands were grasping the arms of
stair -      approached by a double stair. From this central point two long
how -      and more even than pleasure. May I ask how I can help you?"
tongue -      he would not leave a tongue with power to wag in a witness-box. It
more -      I felt more than ever how true a descendant he was of that long line
height -      "Why, the height of a man, in nine cases out of ten, can be told from
west -      and grace of a true child of the West. So the bud blossomed into a
brims -      "This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge
more -      Watson, our little deductions have suddenly assumed a much more
street -      Baker Street, but I cannot recollect anything more sudden and
green -      gravity. "What is your London address, Mr. Green?"
more -      "'Well, it could not be more than five.'
sound -      situation. Now, as the sound of heavy steps came from the stairs
bohemia -      hereditary kings of Bohemia."
well -      "Well, Mr. Douglas did not appear. What was he to do next? He left
staunton -      "Did you take any messages to Mr. Staunton?"
hope -      have lived happily at Horsham, and I had begun to hope that this
coat -      exception of his coat. His boots, his socks, his hat, and his
how -      "How do you explain it?"
wish -      "We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events which let up
more -      We had been walking briskly during this conversation, and a few more
law -      passion is for the British law, and he has spent a large fortune in
well -      "Ah, yes, in case it should come off, it would perhaps be as well
moat -      your saying that a man escaped by wading this moat, but what I ask
tore -      With a united effort we tore off the coffin-lid. As we did so there
old -      "I'll fix the old devil!" said McGinty with an oath. "I've had my eye
way -      "We have a long way to go yet," said he. "And yet--and yet--well, we
tore -      mortal eye has rested upon. And even as they looked the thing tore
well -      hand as an introduction. "What she don't know--well, there, she'll
box -      brass box stood open and empty beside it. As I glanced at the box I
start -      "Capital! An excellent start!" he cried suddenly. "There they are,
turn -      "Well, Watson, it's as well we have not to turn out to-night," said
lane -      brokers, of Mincing Lane, has made some inquiry from us in a
street -      must slip round with the stone to Lime Street and tell him."
ashen -      ashen face.
close -      rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close
turn -      see, and you never know what turn events might take afterwards. Thank
shelf -      row of year-books which fill a shelf, and there are the
london -      "The young lady came to London, then, and you renewed your
fold -      as believers in our own creed. We shall have no wolves in our fold.
old -      his character.  He was a dashing, jovial old solder in his usual
grange -      accepting, and I went down to Chiltern Grange, about six miles from
old -      results. The local surgeon, an old, white-haired man, had just come
street -      we both hurried down, but only to find the street full of traffic,
way -      I had hoped that in some way I could coax my companion back into the
more -      "I never needed it more," said Holmes as he refreshed himself with a
well -      He pays you well, and if he chooses to lie concealed it is no direct
flush -      about the room in uncontrollable agitation, with a flush upon his
water -      head in a basin of cold water, and tried to think it out. Why had he
lady -      "'No, no, not the sole, not the sole, my dear young lady,' he cried.
well -      "Indeed! That is very remarkable. Well, I think we had best let
how -      only could show how strange it was to be.
began -      Already the mystery began to define itself, as figures grow clearer
montgomery -      himself. This is his statement as made before Inspector Montgomery at
city -      Coburg branch of the City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian
wish -      "Are you? Then your wish is easily granted, for there is your first
point -      opening between two trees which enables one from this point of view
rose -      for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra.
box -      box--this on the table."
banks -      diaries. She banks at Silvester's. I have glanced over her account.
esher -      Surrey village of Esher, with Inspector Baynes as our companion.
how -      my business to see him. I had a chat with him on eclipses. How the
quick -      move a bit too quick for me, Mr. Holmes. You leave out a link or two,
old -      outlived its shadows and promises to end in an honoured old age.
well -      madman? That was how I killed him. Was I wrong? Well, then, what
old -      old fighting-men who had borne arms against us at Chilian-wallah.
more -      "Just once more, gentlemen, and all together."
more -      Holmes himself could not have been more adroit in collecting his
well -      "Well, gentlemen, the day before these happenings I was over in
chiswick -      If you will come with me to Chiswick to-night, Lestrade, I'll promise
well -      It was well that we had so clear a view of him. Even as we looked he
idle -      "The warning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look
cliff -      rocks over the cliff, the most cunning and dangerous criminal in
london -      messages to an accomplice--there are several of his gang in London.
point -      until the stack had been entirely consumed. Up to this point the
rocks -      which drove him to his death? It may be lurking among these rocks at
way -      in a fair way towards finding what the secret was which the old
how -      "'And how?' I asked eagerly.
well -      the force. That head of yours should be for use as well as ornament.
old -      "Old Trevor was evidently a man of some wealth and consideration, a
thames -      "Small threw it into the Thames," I answered. "I must borrow Mrs.
west -      "Tell us, then, how Cadogan West met his end before you laid him upon
douglas -      granting that I was too hard on Douglas--and, God knows, I am sorry
wells -      that of the bicyclist from Tunbridge Wells. No other conclusion was
tiptoe -      no witnesses, and then, on tiptoe, his thick stick half raised, he
high -      "A nice trap!" cried the high, snarling voice. "It will bring you
cunningham -      "Well, we are quite in your hands, Mr. Holmes," said old Cunningham.
ashes -      raking among the ashes of the burned wood-pile, and besides the
eton -      in his usual school suit of black Eton jacket and dark grey trousers.
shore -      steward in the company more thought of; but when on shore, what with
lady -      from his wounded feelings. His love for the lady was deep and
hope -      this sort gives a man a chance, and I hope that I shall take it. What
well -      disturbed state of mind. His appearance is--well, not attractive. You
walls -      above the ground floor, while the plaster was peeling off the walls,
old -      they were very old hands. But now, thanks to this lucky chance, I
well -      "Well, I don't like it; but I suppose it must be," said I. "When do
guide -      guide and companion while I returned to Meiringen.  My friend would
wish -      she; 'I wish to forget all about them. I would rather never allude to
moor -      it does not always run loose upon the moor. Stapleton would not let
knock -      It was a long day. Every time that a knock came to the door, or a
grosvenor -      "It is dated from Grosvenor Mansions, written with a quill pen, and
point -      irresistible force from behind. One singular point which struck her
well -      "Well, I think that you are in the right. Any truth is better than
well -      "Well, now, let us take the dates first," said he, his finger-tips
british -      fear that British juries have not yet attained that pitch of
wish -      wish me to know such a person."
lake -      border of the wood and close by the lake, Mr. McCarthy and his son,
poplar -      dated from Poplar at twelve o'clock. "Go to Baker Street at once," it
old -      "At your old tricks again," he laughed, patting his bulging pocket.
steps -      outlined a fresh track of blood. The red steps pointed towards us and
how -      done my work now, and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like
way -      "In some way we struck up quite a friendship, this young fellow and
read -      had taken this legend which I have read you exceedingly to heart--so
well -      "Well, mister, it is a business proposition."
well -      "If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at
hope -      and I hope by that time to have cleared up any little obscurity which
hayes -      Hayes, since it was evident that it was impossible to inform the
touch -      famous friend, there came a touch of colour in her wan cheeks and a
lady -      that this young lady is mine, and you'll find it a very fine evening
way -      carriage and read it very carefully. It ran in this way:
street -      dashing up Wellington Street wheeled sharply to the right and found
pinnacle -      ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every
letters -      it to be known that he is prepared to pay very high sums for letters
water -      pouring some water from the carafe over his forehead he opened his
wood -      the fire had been lit. There was still a glowing pile of wood ashes
way -      still this evening. By the way, Doctor, I shall want your
flat -      had become as demure as ever. I stared hard myself at her flat,
rooms -      rooms and working out my own little methods of thought, so that I
sea -      slates, like brick islands in a lead-colored sea."
common -      Johann Faber is the most common maker's name. Is it not clear that
tough -      tough as whipcord. His friend and secretary, Mr. Lucas, is
simpson -      Fitzroy Simpson. He was a man of excellent birth and education, who
hole -      crawled into its hole to die--that is the end of Eugenia Ronder."
old -      had occurred. As the old man stood there he saw something coming
deal -      face that. Even if she couldn't love me it was a great deal to me
more -      total to more than seventy feet. There were four feet unaccounted
how -      get foolscap and a pen, and begin your narrative of how we saved the
camberwell -      Uffa, and finally of the Camberwell poisoning case. In the latter, as
dawn -      was slipping through the pantry window in the early dawn when I felt
melbourne -      "One day a gold convoy came down from Ballarat to Melbourne, and we
stout -      rather stout man who received us with much hospitality. His age may
more -      McGinty, they were even more nebulous in their evidence.
west -      God, it's dreadful to think of! That West, of all men, should have
pocket -      in that lonely place. Holmes clapped his hand to his pocket.
well -      matter. I thought it as well to have Jones with us also. He is not a
more -      however, I cannot recall any which presented more singular features
paddock -      off, across a paddock, lay a long gray-tiled out-building. In every
lane -      Kennington Lane they had edged away to the left through Bond Street
scott -      to the agents mentioned by Scott Eccles and obtaining a list of them.
rooms -      "'Oct. 4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s. 6d., cocktail 1s., lunch 2s.
well -      Foreign Office well, upon his way. When I heard that some one had
nottingham -      "He is at present reported from Leicester, Nottingham, Southampton,
douglas -      of it. This family consisted of only two individuals--John Douglas
white -      but the rest of that individual lay in a pile of white hair and old
how -      in an empty house in the Brixton Road, many miles from Euston. How he
how -      "My dear Holmes," I exclaimed, "how on earth--"
woodley -      emerged as you see me. Mr. Woodley went home in a cart. So ended my
canada -      a point which involves the Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic
success -      inextricable mysteries. So accustomed was I to his invariable success
white -      "I've had a good look, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason. "There is
sudden -      "This is very sudden, Colonel Emsworth," said he. "This will
cross -      King's Cross, and we were to have breakfast afterwards at the St.
well -      your friend Mr. Stapleton, but his wife as well."
height -      "His height I know that you might roughly judge from the length of
shore -      night-glasses from his pocket and gazed some time at the shore. "I
well -      grin. "Well, maybe a wee nip would keep out the raw morning chill.
random -      thought of this when he made that random shot. "May I ask, my lad," I
hope -      "Don't mind me," said Hope faintly. He was white to the very lips,
friendly -      There was a chorus of friendly "Good-nights" from the other miners as
hope -      one less o' the Hope family in Utah."
norwood -      shall drop in at Norwood and see how you are getting on."
touch -      in touch with the whole situation. I don't say that we have fathomed
old -      room to the amazement of a doddering old manservant, who met us in
more -      when I have time. His immediate principal, Barney, is a more astute
more -      undoubtedly detect it, and would probably eat no more. A curry was
old -      is not this old tragedy which has come up again?"
cinders -      heaps of slag and dumps of cinders loomed up on each side, with the
well -      polite attention; but I, who knew him so well, could clearly see that
bridge -      outside--if they did--they must have got in across the bridge before
south -      traversed the country to the north of the house or to the south of
more -      in his life--and I've had more than most in my time--there is a kind
lent -      lent to the theory by the fact that one of these students came from
real -      however, that the police have a clue as to the real culprits, and
box -      the box and the papers. I shall take your advice in every
turn -      It was the young lady's turn to look surprised. "This is the second
white -      racing. 'Green open, white shut.' That is clearly a signal. 'Main
worth -      is worth to be seen talking with you. There is a warrant against you
keeping -      McMurdo and Scanlan strolled on with the others, keeping in sight of
stone -      power? Was it a chance that the wood had slipped, and that the stone
well -      "Well, you will be surprised to hear that there is no stain on the
boot -      long before the missing boot is found."
halfway -      I sat with my coffee-cup halfway to my lips and stared at Barrymore.
tore -      has to do and how to do it. He pushed the table to one side, tore up
well -      "This is all very well," said I, "but the thing becomes more
old -      events, McMurdo moved his lodgings from old Jacob Shafter's and took
croy -      "Philippe de Croy, whoever he may have been. On the fly-leaf, in very
middle -      the colonel himself, a man rather over the middle size, but of an
pennsylvania -      "Pennsylvania Small Arms Company--well-known American firm," said
well -      "Well, you know, after a crime of this sort we are very careful to
piece -      and picked out a square piece of board, such as is usually left to
sound -      then the sound of trampling feet and of falling chairs. An instant
lady -      "Very likely not. However that may be, the young lady was very
stanley -      'Inspector Stanley Hopkins, 46, Lord Street, Brixton. Come breakfast
how -      of the imminent danger which threatened them, and how necessary it
stock -      stock of him; but still the porter, the clerk, and the chambermaid
way -      a hotel in New Street, and then I made my way to the address which
start -      Inspector. "But he's all on fire to start, Colonel, so we had best go
street -      Street?"
point -      in favour of your theory," said he. "I only wish to point out that
oxford -      across the Park, and so through Oxford Street to Baker Street. Two
douglas -      "Mrs. Douglas had visitors to tea," said Ames. "I couldn't raise it
town -      town, with ten miles of man's handiwork on every side of us, to feel
point -      one point he was inflexible. He had to seal his mouth on the subject,
quarter -      door. Within a quarter of an hour we had been dropped at the door of
wish -      "That is very important," said Holmes. "And now, Mr. Soames, I wish
charles -      "No--or, let me see--why, yes. Barrymore, Sir Charles's butler, is a
derby -      Derby, East Ham, Richmond, and fourteen other places. In three of
walls -      round the room, beating his head horribly against the walls. Then he
old -      baggy parasol which leaned against the sofa. "That's part of the old
rooms -      in these deserted rooms, and I once saw him carrying a large black
how -      "But how?"
water -      the broken water.  I shouted; but only the same half-human cry of the
read -      living person might have the habit. I have read, for example, of the
true -      confessing to him afterwards what I had done. It is true that if any
more -      more successful. I know that her word is inviolate. The photograph is
rose -      regain them." He rose and seized his astrachan coat.
home -      "My first move was to get down to his home, Tuxbury Old Park, near
white -      white loose-fitting clothes, and a yellow sash. There was something
laid -      the thin white hand which he laid on the mantelpiece as he rose was
rose -      He had hardly shut the door behind him when Holmes rose to put on his
esher -      near Esher."
true -      it is true, only an intermittent one, but whose presence at the time
bohemia -      Bohemia and of the Irene Adler photograph; but when I looked back to
moor -      that he was upon the moor.
more -      It chanced that on the same evening McMurdo had another more pressing
common -      systematized common sense, into a prodigy. When I tell my own story I
well -      managing. Well, one fine day the crash came. I had been away on a
close -      upon my conscience. We had been so close--so close!"
stone -      and had sunk down on the stone against which he had been leaning.
crosses -      corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with
cross -      man would cross it after sundown if he was paid for it. Look at this
barton -      it be indiscreet if I were to ask you, Dr. Hill Barton, how you
grove -      Sandeford, of Lower Grove Road, Reading. No, I have never seen this
boot -      And then at last I heard him. Far away came the sharp clink of a boot
how -      know their ways and how to amuse them and so earn enough to keep me."
well -      "Well, that's likely enough. But I wish to call your attention very
london -      London press. Now, after thirteen years, I will give the true details
rooms -      A telegram was awaiting us when we reached our Baker Street rooms,
simpson -      I met him by appointment that evening at Simpson's, where, sitting at
catch -      Garrideb could I catch. Then I tried the old country. Sure enough
white -      them flying with white faces into the village. Within an hour I was
town -      town streets and squares sprang up, as if by magic. In the country
well -      chair. I knew those gloves well, and I understood their message. If
well -      o'clock. We'll get him in. If ever he gets out alive--well, he can
well -      well remember how he plied me with questions as to the amount and the
docker -      head now, like a docker's hammer, but that morning I seemed to have
montpellier -      drawn. It was cashed at the Credit Lyonnais at Montpellier less than
reddish -      reddish gravel that was lying heaped beside your gate."
way -      but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it.
lead -      heart turned as heavy as lead within me. I stammered out some few
lady -      The young lady, with great clearness and composure, made the
more -      "Well, I can tell you a little more than that. He has rather a
street -      I had imagined that we were bound for Baker Street, but Holmes
town -      so knocked about that I can hardly imagine a town practitioner
ore -      trucks piled with coal and iron ore told of the hidden wealth which
edge -      Holmes walked to the edge of the moat and looked across. Then he
law -      think that we may gain that by means of the law; but we have our web
wing -      carried out, and one wing of the house appeared to be entirely new.
pocket -      pocket. There I remained until evening, when I set off for Woking
chiswick -      the two remaining busts, one of which, I remembered, was at Chiswick.
point -      to give point to his words, the carriage came round to the door."
home -      placed in so awful a position might hurry home still in her
grey -      agitation, her face all drawn and grey, with restless frightened
moffat -      assailants. Their names are Biddle, Hayward, and Moffat."
well -      "You're a queer card, for sure," said he. "Well, if you want reasons,
pocket -      "A letter of yours was found in the dead man's pocket, and we know by
how -      "How long I remained unconscious I cannot tell. It must have been a
point -      point."
more -      Stamford gave me a few more particulars about the gentleman whom I
park -      with me in the Park, where the first faint shoots of green were
stone -      scintillating blue stone, rather smaller than a bean in size, but of
ross -      telegrams from both Colonel Ross, the owner of the horse, and from
sound -      sound produced by cocking a rifle. This terrible secret society was
well -      because I was well aware that you would not find him in his study. If
lock -      projecting from the lock. It was furred outside by a thick layer of
more -      short, Mr. Holmes, you would go far before you found a more dangerous
laid -      grotesque pattern over his face.  He had ceased to moan as we laid
bury -      when people bury treasure nowadays they do it in the Post-Office
more -      "Hum! I am afraid Joseph's character is a rather deeper and more
douglas -      Douglas was a rich gentleman who had made his money in America. He
walls -      and occasionally applying his tape to the walls in an equally
lakes -      passed over a stone bridge, but swelling into small lakes on either
well -      "You are well aware, Dr. Huxtable, that his Grace is particularly
idle -      Hugo, with five or six of his idle and wicked companions, stole down
charles -      "Sir Charles had the reputation of being rich, but we did not know
university -      University of London, and proceeded to Netley to go through the
mortimer -      now, Dr. Mortimer, tell me this. If you hold these views, why have
how -      "The public don't know how good he is. Sir Robert has been too clever
steps -      anxieties, but I will take my own steps to attain my own end.
manor -      On reaching the Manor House, the sergeant had found the drawbridge
more -      "You will ruin no more lives as you ruined mine. You will wring no
bridge -      was up--my mind was always more restful when that bridge was up in
point -      way to a point from which we could see the front door of the inn.
lady -      who is a maiden lady of fifty, has led a most retired life, and has
dartmoor -      neighbours or acquaintances on Dartmoor any man with a black, full
forest -      the great Weald forest, which thins away until it reaches the
stanger -      night I joined you beat up old man Stanger. I could not warn him, for
gravel -      Inside, a gravel path wound through desolate grounds to a huge clump
more -      to me was so short that it was impossible for me to do more than to
well -      his big map of London and leaned eagerly over it. "Well, well," said
gale -      sea-stories until the howl of the gale from without seemed to blend
mortimer -      "Twenty-four hours. At ten o'clock to-morrow, Dr. Mortimer, I will be
mail -      curtain, the lamp, and the suit of Japanese mail as he had described
how -      "How is it, then, that the woman who came into the room about nine
moor -      "To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man like this
greenwich -      well-known firm, of Greenwich. Two years ago, having served my time,
station -      "At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station.
cove -      that cove. He was at the gate when I came out, a-leanin' up ag'in the
hole -      rope was there as a bridge for something passing through the hole and
town -      Two nights later they met outside the town, all three armed, and one
how -      I get the papers. That will give me the chance of telling you how
ash -      man's nail had been trimmed. I gathered up some scattered ash from
pocket -      into the pocket of his dressing-gown. Where else could he have put
hammer -      hammer, rudely lashed on with coarse twine. Beside it was a torn
brixton -      named Oakshott, and lived in Brixton Road, where she fattened fowls
well -      "Well, we can adopt it as a working hypothesis and then see how far
stream -      lying off in the stream, and it will be a strange thing if we do not
more -      more, but the great treasure of the rajah shall be divided among us.
way -      this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way
city -      which should settle the matter. One is to a firm in the City, the
lake -                            Formerly of Salt Lake City,
well -      me to open my mouth, Mr. Morris, and if you think well to say
brixton -      yourself. This Brixton Road affair has upset you."
lee -      of Woodman's Lee. Ah, Hopkins, I got your wire last night, and I have
mortimer -      "My dear sir," cried Dr. Mortimer, "it is only mislaid. You will find
strode -      "They are here in this corner." The trainer strode across and then
dull -      with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of
staunton -      "Let me see," said Holmes, seating himself on Staunton's bed. "You
old -      "Old Susan Dobney with the mob cap! I remember her well."
arsenal -      an arsenal in the house--and kept it for her own use. A similar one
moor -      This part of the moor, as the Inspector remarked, is very hard and
ruins -      upon the ruins of the feudal castle.
main -      to the main chamber of the machine and took a good look at it to
scotland -      of Mr. Gregson of Scotland Yard.
way -      its way.
quarter -      [ Picture: Paper which reads: If you will only come around at quarter
emsworth -      Emsworth I could certainly alter his view of the matter."
scotland -      There is nothing in which Scotland Yard can act. It was his own
high -      leaving Mr. Carruthers's employment. Even the high pay cannot
elm -      "'I suppose it is impossible to find out how high the elm was?' I
cunningham -      "I have no alternative, Mr. Cunningham," said he. "I trust that this
hope -      the corner dashed forward to open the door in the hope of earning a
more -      Could our sinister acquaintance be more clearly described?
point -      every point being driven home by the slapping of a brawny hand upon
well -      "Well, Watson, what do you make of this?" asked Holmes, after a long
way -      in an affair when there is some obstacle in the way. I thought of my
law -      him you're an American citizen. 'It's British law and order over
keswick -      that the house belonged to a respectable paperhanger, named Keswick,
more -      towards my daughter, Alice, and spoke to her more than once in a way
middle -      so as to leave a clear space in the middle. In this space lay a large
how -      see me here again, but it was that night which taught me how I could
white -      The fog-bank lay like white wool against the window. Holmes held the
chester -      "Jim was shot last month when they tried to kill Chester Wilcox of
plymouth -      me at Plymouth. This villain had thought that I would be at sea
mere -      look at the matter as a mere abstract intellectual problem. As far as
well -      "'But how can we gain your freedom? You know very well that you ask
home -      "For two days after this I stayed at home, and my wife appeared to
eye -      mind's eye that shattered figure on the floor. Here within a few
more -      "This is indeed a most serious matter. Even more culpable in my
gang -      This Blessington or Sutton, who was the worst of the gang, turned
america -      never been in America in all her life. What possible connection could
how -      "How much do you know?" he asked at last, without raising his head.
lead -      lead her a most uneasy life. Yet I have heard that she is devoted to
mortimer -      attacks of nervous depression. Dr. James Mortimer, the friend and
well -      joined them. I pulled out my knife, and--well, there! I've said
norwood -      at Pondicherry Lodge in Upper Norwood. He had prospered in India, and
old -      in the tails of the g's. The absence of the i-dots in the old man's
hobson -      and he is lodging at Hobson's Patch."
street -      leads into Mortimer Street, and immediately whistling for a hansom,
horner -      If Horner were in danger it would be another thing; but this fellow
america -      even than your enemies from America. I see trouble before you, Mr.
hill -      The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill,
pocket -      dead man's pocket. "It is sure to be produced at the inquest. May I
douglas -      could not have been the body of Mr. John Douglas at all, but must be
den -      steps--for the house was none other than the opium den in which you
wooden -      it. As we approached it, there was the wooden drawbridge and the
box -      where the box is hid, and I shall get leave of absence and go back to
home -      alone. I promised her on my word that I would send him home in a cab
overton -      "You live in a different world to me, Mr. Overton, a sweeter and
moor -      the moor with its mysteries and its strange inhabitants remains as
weeks -      lodger you often would not see me for weeks on end."
scotland -      It was an old acquaintance, Inspector Morton, of Scotland Yard,
university -      round him in the university town, and eventually he was compelled to
old -      By eleven o'clock the next day we were well upon our way to the old
more -      barrel, and we wrestled for it all ends up for a minute or more. It
moat -      beautiful broad moat as still and luminous as quicksilver in the
staunton -      explained. A year ago Godfrey Staunton lodged in London for a time,
hill -      "It is Selden, the Notting Hill murderer."
more -      more clearly then how this thing strikes me."
hope -      "I hope," said the lady, "that you have not come to cross-examine me
law -      are all on the wrong side of the law in this matter. I am not sure
close -      The house-agent's was close by, but we found that it was closed for
deal -      left a good deal unexplored."
read -      I to listen. Holmes drew a note from his pocket and read it aloud:
manson -      "And who bought the ironworks of Manson and of Shuman and of Van
touch -      always a touch of madness." That was what I read in the inspector's
way -      way across the roof of the building, and so through a trap-door into
trevor -      is the message which struck Justice of the Peace Trevor dead with
folly -      this desperate situation to which James's folly and jealousy have
old -      the old black pipe, the index books, and others perhaps less
sheet -      this--a sheet from a note-book, with 'For God's sake come at once--P.
well -      "An outspoken, honest antagonist is the doctor," said Holmes. "Well,
how -      of age and has a will of iron, it is hard to know how to prevent
aldershot -      tell you all this on our way to Aldershot to-morrow."
selden -      "Yes, sir, my name was Selden, and he is my younger brother. We
high -      high opinion of my honour," said he, "you want the money before you
scott -      voyage of the bark Gloria Scott, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th
water -      water? Put the straw on the floor here, free from the wall on either
how -      How could he claim it without causing suspicion and inquiry?"
how -      "How do you know that he values it highly?" I asked.
how -      what you have done, but I don't know how you did it, or what it
pocket -      gave a metallic clang. Then from the pocket of his overcoat he drew a
mortimer -      Mortimer withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start
mortimer -      band nearly an inch across. "To James Mortimer, M.R.C.S., from his
how -      have known where his hiding-place was. How was I to get into the
bridge -      over the parapet of the bridge so that it swung clear above the
well -      "Well, I'll answer," she said. "What are your questions?"
read -      Sure, I've read enough of the slush!" cried the chairman, tossing the
start -      foolish to interrupt. Suddenly with a start he emerged into brisk
rope -      you were climbing the rope?"
coombe -      Dr. Watson has gone to Coombe Tracey.
how -      "'How in the world did you come here?' he asked in amazement. 'Wait a
star -      Calhoun, Barque Lone Star, Savannah, Georgia."
quarter -      "About a quarter of a mile from the stables John Straker's overcoat
read -      Well, I won't read it verbatim, since you feel so strongly upon the
way -      "'By the way, Mr. Holmes,' said he, 'did you know Le Brun, the French
hope -      for silver, and were returning to Salt Lake City in the hope of
costa -      heading was Argentine, another Costa Rica, and another San Paulo,
more -      glad to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more."
way -      their way to that long voyage which had been recommended for the
london -      understood that I had taken over the case in London, and that
hope -      Saints, and Hope, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake
stout -      having with him when he followed Drebber. It was a stout oak cudgel."
wish -      wish you both good-morning."
way -      it some other way. What does he mean by allowing his retreat to be
began -      began screaming out of the window. That brought the police, but the
dull -      the gloom once more. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull,
how -      is just to hold back nothing, but let all the world know how badly I
more -      "Excellent! What more?"
kettle -      "'I was boiling the kettle when I fell asleep, sir.' He looked at me
dundee -      "I searched the Dundee records, and when I found that the barque Lone
old -      Holmes was pacing up and down one side of the room whilst the old
lodge -      Bartholomew Sholto, of Pondicherry Lodge, Upper Norwood, was found
white -      "No, sir, White Mason is a very live man, if I am any judge."
street -      "The Brook Street business."
lodge -      "Then in the name of Lodge 341, Vermissa, I welcome you to its
more -      he was afraid of. He took revenge in his own way by torturing me more
bank -      "Yesterday morning I was seated in my office at the bank when a card
guide -      "Come on!" cried our guide; "come on!" He rushed across the glade,
station -      a horse although six miles from the station? Odd, Watson--very odd!"
point -      some dead or absent woman. It was at this point that I asked Gregson
home -      obtained twelve months' leave and came home. He telegraphed to me
water -      with the water. The fugitive sprang out, but his stump instantly sank
moulton -      of the book that Francis H. Moulton, an American gentleman, had left
city -      the future city was sketched out. All around farms were apportioned
more -      Sumatra--a thing that the Dutch know more about than we, though they
stile -      Stile, Mary," and "On the Banks of Allan Water."
bow -                His Last Bow
old -      happy state of mind. The old man's words seemed to me to bear only
how -      "Then, how can I assist you?"
old -      grim Hall bristling out from amidst the ancient oaks, which, old as
hammer -      twilight, the clatter of the hammer and the rasp of the saw was never
law -      little of the law. Think of the deeds of hellish cruelty, the hidden
valley -         The Valley of Fear
valley -      central township which lies at the head of Vermissa Valley. From this
piece -      Lestrade went in and brought out a yellow cardboard box, with a piece
lodge -      Pondicherry Lodge stood in its own grounds, and was girt round with a
old -      throbbing with excitement. As I drove, I could see old John Ferrier
millbank -      opposite Millbank to say if the boat comes back. You must divide it
leadenhall -      "To the Leadenhall Street Post Office, to be left till called for. He
sudden -      she died from some sudden fright."
hope -      to go there again, but two days afterwards the hope of getting rid of
paris -      "'This is a directory of Paris,' said he, 'with the trades after the
old -      "God bless you, Anna!" murmured the old man again.
mortimer -      certainly developing the wisdom of the serpent, for when Mortimer
old -      note of it in his collection. Speaking of my old friend and
waterloo -      scratching at my front door, and proceed to Waterloo to meet Sir
more -      watchful Barrymore know more than he cared to say? It was all dim and
more -      "Indeed. This is more interesting than it promised to be; quite
main -      garden is a hundred yards from the main London to Chatham road. It
well -      "Well, I don't profess to understand it yet. This case of yours is
london -      soldier resides--one of those awful gray London castles which would
charles -      corridor and down the steep steps which led to Charles Street. The
way -      door, and knocked in his peculiar way. We could see a tall old woman
street -      "I shall be at Baker Street at ten."
davenport -      "J. Davenport.
grey -      gaunter and taller by his long grey travelling-cloak and
woodley -      the plunder. For some reason Woodley was chosen as the husband. Why
well -      at food. Well, it takes all sorts to make a world, and the Professor
stone -      and what must it be in a stone hut upon the moor. What passion of
frame -      of a fine athlete whom one has known in his prime. His great frame
wish -      John Douglas. I wish you to journey back some twenty years in time,
oaken -      bigger man than I. Look at that mark upon the seat of the oaken
old -      wheal from an old scar ran right across it from eye to chin, and by
oldacre -      principal missing witness, Mr. Jonas Oldacre."
harker -      the entries here. One to Mr. Harker, you see, and one to Mr. Josiah
touch -      to touch them. There has been nothing else."
london -      in London, but as we have at present no possible means of telling
well -      "Well, Watson, any views?" he asked.
point -      "No, that was not the point. However, I shall write two letters,
reach -      stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach. The bird gave
college -      only friend I made during the two years I was at college. I was never
berkshire -      bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village. There were
close -      remarkably thick nose, with eyes which are set close upon either side
charles -      that his wife might lure Sir Charles to his ruin, but here she proved
well -      "It's your first, is it not? Well, you have to be blooded some time.
loose -      loose. He had remained with Horner some little time, but had finally
rooms -      house, unfurnished, so far as I could judge, in the upper rooms.
milverton -      "Well," said Milverton, "you've made me lose a good night's rest, my
lodge -      Pondicherry Lodge. Williams, who drove you to-night, was one of them.
den -      in the world is Mr. James Wilder doing in that den at this hour of
london -      come before we all get our death of cold," said the London detective
how -      "Well, you can imagine how hard it was to settle down to arduous work
how -      "No doubt, Mr. Mac. But how do you propose to lay your hands on the
kensington -      Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington.
mortimer -      "I confess that I share Dr. Mortimer's belief that it will not be
stock -      would not have his cursed stock mixed with mine; not that I had any
mapleton -      dry. But it falls away towards Mapleton, and you can see from here
well -      "Well, you can imagine how hard it was to settle down to arduous work
how -      in the history of the country. But if you have why, then, how could
thames -      the May Day, and I calculate that she is due in the Thames tomorrow
croydon -      she went back, as I understand, to live with her sister in Croydon,
began -      the case began to take a definite shape in my mind. The printer one
well -      "Well, well, I have a clear day, and I shall be happy to look into
well -      Brackenstall as well."
waterford -      of boats call at Belfast, Dublin, and Waterford; so that, presuming
tone -      signals. But there is a tone in my wife's voice, Mr. Holmes, and a
reading -      As I glanced up from reading this enigmatical message, I saw Holmes
well -      but I know very well that they come from a stab with a hat-pin. The
quarter -      Italian quarter. Well, this dead man had some Catholic emblem round
chislehurst -      that makes a fair night's work. Well, here we are at Chislehurst
hole -      names, for I don't want to get any one else in a hole,--and I soon
how -      somewhat exhausted; I wonder how a battery feels when it pours
more -      though how you forced my hand so that I have to tell it is more than
ash -      credit for, deduced from the cigar ash?"
norton -      "Irene Norton, nÃ©e Adler."
woking -      leaving Woking.
way -      Morris had turned deadly pale, and his knees seemed to give way under
how -      astonishing how rapidly that sprained ankle recovered. It was nearly
more -      circle of dim light which enabled me to see him more clearly I was
porlock -      there are infinite possibilities. Anyhow, Friend Porlock is evidently
more -      "How can I tell you where it is now? It's more than a year since I
more -      and for a few days I was a dweller once more in my old quarters at
town -      town. In summer it is a favourite resort of the people; but in winter
close -      My friend took the lady's ungloved hand and examined it with as close
lead -      "It's very black against her. I can't deny that. And women lead an
close -      window will open. You are to station yourself close to that open
eton -      British Minister to Persia. Educated Eton and Oxford. Served in
brixton -      Brixton. I drove past, left my cab at the corner of the square, and
wall -      the wall behind him. He was pinned like a beetle on a card. Of
reach -      his being overtaken before he can reach us. At all costs we must hold
mere -      This strange find was all that we could get from the mere, and,
well -      campaigner as well as an old friend.  We sat in the Strasbourg
high -      "There, Mr. Holmes, you take me into regions of high international
turn -      turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
twenty -      did you make it? Twenty. Do did In. That should mean T. AT--that's
shoscombe -      "Only that it is in the centre of Shoscombe Park, and that the famous
how -      "I'll show you first how it was done, and then I will give the
canterbury -      "We shall get out at Canterbury."
valley -      lodge-keeper of the Boscombe Valley estate, was in one of the woods
way -      "It came about in this way. The instant that the Professor had
hole -      I stooped to the hole, and recoiled in horror. Moonlight was
meadows -      made his way along the track which ran through the meadows, and so by
well -      By eleven o'clock the next day we were well upon our way to the old
mere -      "Was it mere chance?"
more -      "My dear Mycroft, the brother's life is more valuable than the
sudden -      fifty. He was still suffering from this sudden disturbance of the
sound -      who are sound in body and mind and above the age of twenty-one years,
more -      We'll wait here. You take him into the back room. You'll be more
old -      fifteen per cent commission. The old wheel turns, and the same spoke
well -      "Well, Jack, you are very hot."
wood -      Arthur to meet him in a little wood called the Ragged Shaw, which is
berkshire -      village in Berkshire, when this horror occurred. They were on their
lodge -      my shoes. It's for the lodge to say that. But so long as I am the
letters -      alienating her from her faithful maid. If she has written any letters
how -      have been present. But who could that have been and how could he have
london -      that I entered a London banking-house, and as Armitage I was
douglas -      ask you not to worry Mrs. Douglas over this matter; for she has
rope -      point it may be noted," he continued, fingering the rope, "that our
how -      "How could I tell you, Bob? I felt the blow it would be to you. It
more -      travel together round the world before Sir Henry had become once more
hill -      my hand and the card of Dr. Hill Barton in my pocket, I set off on my
eye -      erect, when my eye caught something which brought a gush of hope back
borne -      borne along pleasantly enough in Elder Stangerson's waggon, a retreat
wish -      in favour of your theory," said he. "I only wish to point out that
way -      Holmes as we made our way to the station. "Well, Watson, we have come
summit -      summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in
harris -      faced with silk, black waistcoat, gold Albert chain, and grey Harris
white -      white creases of his face, 'to advance to my young ladies half their
way -      the danger must still have pressed somewhat upon him; for on his way
quick -      Stooping with one of his quick feline pounces, he placed the slipper
liverpool -      nerves! By the time he finds it isn't in Liverpool it will be in
well -      "Well, that is clear enough, certainly. But how about the foresight
london -      London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the
hope -      see a good deal of you now, I hope, and I will keep your stick until
mark -      wooden-legged man,--a white man, mark you, for he mistakes a white
hope -      judgment that I felt that there must be some grounds for hope as long
hope -      that book. Well, well, it's a very strange business, and I hope that
boswell -      "Not a bit, Doctor. Stay where you are. I am lost without my Boswell.
norwood -      "By the way, a propos of this Norwood business, you see that they
more -      already have been exposed and dragged from my home, or as is more
way -      deep in snow, and so, by way of Interlaken, to Meiringen.  It was a
quick -      round and dashed straight at him! He was as quick as she, however,
college -      father. When he was ruined I came to the college as servant, but I
hope -      more. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope
london -      "Because I had only just learned that he was going to London next day
lady -      all the same, and you needn't look at me like that, my fine lady, for
how -      "Of course it is. But you can imagine how difficult it is when you
worth -      "I was not sure, but I know now. Well now, Susan, it will be worth
high -      was a high brick wall."
pocket -      thumb in his waistcoat pocket. "Should I be too early to see your
well -      "Just as well for Sussex," I remarked. "It may have been the
lady -      "Mr. Holmes!" said the lady, and her face was pink with her
lead -      lead to other ones. On the other hand, the face and manner of my
letters -      would write me such penitent, imploring letters that I just had to.
western -      with the Western Morning News. But a Times leader is entirely
moor -      face of the sky, and just as we came out on the moor a thin rain
milverton -      but as the woman poured bullet after bullet into Milverton's
old -      the poor old fellow killed himself! If the latter, may it be taken as
way -      way after he knew the animal was on his track. How did he know?"
walls -      the walls, but all else was as it had been the night before. Holmes
mortimer -      to be true, it was immediately after Mr. Mortimer Tregennis had left
home -      House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home."
moor -      the trees and the lighter expanse of the moor, for the moon was
scotland -      his notebook and scribbled a few lines. "Take a cab to Scotland Yard
stone -      "Ah, yes, I shall keep the stone. Thank you. And, I say, Peterson,
more -      "One more question, your Grace. I understand that you wrote to your
bold -      "Say, McMurdo," said he, "I remembered your address, so l made bold
more -      more closely around him.
greenwich -      it. At Greenwich we were about three hundred paces behind them. At
began -      leather valise stood beside his table, and into this he began to pack
lock -      night, and I heard him lock the door as I came down-stairs."
start -      start. This unhappy lady, as I understand it, has appeared to assault
how -      "And how did you find him?"
how -      do, and yet if he knew how I have acted--how I have been compelled to
frame -      that the huge frame was as active as it was strong. He closed the
lodge -      I am loyal to the lodge, and so I tell you straight; but I would be a
hope -      with running brooks and blossoming trees. There was hope for all
douglas -      everyone's interest that they should be cleared up. Did Mr. Douglas
lead -      some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead into the hole
old -      therefore, and took up his position in the old fort at Agra. I don't
how -      How are the Scowrers getting on in your parts? We read plenty of them
lady -      allowed to pay short visits at this lady's house. Julia went there at
way -      Holmes stopped at a post-office and sent off a telegram on our way.
wish -      only gain his wish by turning himself into a younger man. When one
old -      "Beautiful! beautiful! The old Guiacum test was very clumsy and
london -      possible, so as to reach London in the afternoon."
well -      was the receiving-station as well as the transmitter for all the
rooms -      Prescott of evil memory inhabited these rooms points to some deeper
mortimer -      that Mortimer Tregennis was the murderer; that for the sake of money,
stock -      identify the places. When I had finished he stood stock still and
way -      bear the unconscious man out of the way of danger.
stand -      You hope to place me in the dock.  I tell you that I will never stand
park -      Farm and the private park of the wealthy Mr. Turner. Above the woods
main -      and tobacco. Those, I think, were the main points of my analysis."
lady -      "Lady St. Simon, then, returned from the wedding in a less cheerful
old -      happening at Tuxbury Old Park?"
beam -      beam to beam. The roof ran up to an apex, and was evidently the inner
staunton -      Heaven that my compunction at leaving poor Staunton all alone in this
more -      as I eyed him, that I had seldom seen a more powerfully built man;
wish -      denied him a wish. Perhaps it would have been better for both of us
more -      will renew your visit at some more propitious time.' He passed on,
old -      "Ah! She's not that old green launch with a yellow line, very broad
pocket -      Dr. Sterndale drew from his pocket a paper packet and laid it upon
sandy -      A pale, taper-faced man with sandy whiskers rose up from a chair by
box -      night. Of that I am certain. I actually opened the box while I was
real -      dangerous. But it's the real goods, and you can lay to that." He
station -      just heard enough from the detective at the station to be able to
south -      greatest brute and bully in South Africa, a man whose name is a holy
bridge -      bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming
brunton -      documents overcame me so far that I took a step forward, and Brunton,
deal -      great deal together. By the way, a curious paper was found in papa's
way -      "You may well look surprised, Dr. Watson; but it is this way," said
turn -      "I am a bachelor," said he, "and being of a sociable turn I cultivate
yonder -      be something like that. If there are worse devils down yonder than
more -      dollars to something that was more lasting. She found that I listened
white -      She was seated by the open window, dressed in some sort of white
deal -      knows a good deal that we don't."
coat -      Street with hardly a coat to his back or a boot to his foot.
dollar -      cause to hate me and would give their last dollar to know that they
well -      "'Well?'
close -      now it is all ready to close.  In three days--that is to say, on
bare -      bare carriage in which some twenty or thirty people were seated. The
old -      What is more, the faithless spouse carried off the old man's deed-box
walls -      of burglars. The corridors at Hurlstone have their walls largely
waterloo -      In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station. I have
street -      glad to have you back safe and sound in Baker Street once more."
hill -      of a desperate fellow like this Notting Hill criminal, if he could
infirmary -      once. First we drove to Brixton Workhoused Infirmary, where we found
london -      London unchallenged."
charing -      House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884, at Charing Cross Hospital. Winner
sound -      As he spoke there was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and grating
gang -      the Moriarty gang left two of its most dangerous members, my own most
more -      and the more stately tread of the landlady passed my door, bound for
street -      "It was when he horsewhipped Sam Brewer, the well-known Curzon Street
charles -      "Did you ever write to Sir Charles asking him to meet you?" I
station -      instant later had shot clear of the station.
moore -      occasional indiscretions of his own. In March of that year Dr. Moore
turn -      oaks around it as one only sees in rural England, then a sudden turn,
letters -      letters "C.P.R.," and then came several sheets of numbers. Another
tore -      hands tore at his hair. For a moment we caught a glimpse of the
how -      place and, having first gauged his intelligence, I try to imagine how
success -      contented by the consciousness of success, like the Roman miser--
london -      in the howling desert of South London."
norwood -      investigation at Norwood. Besides the signs of a struggle in the room
way -      behind the hotel, and so made my way into his room in the grey of the
way -      I'll fight him any other way he chooses. Now, I'll leave it to you,
water -      beside him. There was a glass of water on the table, and on the
shelf -      fill that gap on that second shelf. It looks untidy, does it not,
well -      "Well, sir, it's this lonely, silent house and the queer thing in the
lady -      The pleasant old lady had appeared in the doorway. She curtseyed with
crown -      "'It is nothing less than the ancient crown of the kings of England.'
stand -      "I don't stand for that, mister, but there's a stool pigeon or a
well -      person. However, we may as well go and have a look. I shall work it
musgrave -      the seventeenth century,' remarked Musgrave. 'I am afraid, however,
street -      horror and astonishment, that my wife was standing in the street,
old -      breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees,
well -      very well have been made by his own hands, since he was engaged in
hole -      side and left a square, gaping hole, through which streamed the light
norfolk -      Dear, dear, one of the oldest families in the County of Norfolk, and
moor -      gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills.
well -      "Well, then, ask Mrs. Oakshott for it."
old -      in the pictures of the old masters of the Middle Ages. How a beastman
home -      the Fighting Cock Inn to bring Lord Saltire home.
manor -      him what had occurred. He had spent the whole afternoon at the Manor
eye -      lack-lustre eye turned upon the newcomer. Out of the black shadows
well -      "Well, father was going off to France again in a week, and Hosmer
began -      admiration of her mother. Then Mr. Angel began to call, for it was
grove -      the setting sun. From a grove upon our left I could already see the
london -      would rather have my bracelets on him than on any criminal in London.
raise -      "Mrs. Douglas had visitors to tea," said Ames. "I couldn't raise it
mark -      "It is unquestionably the mark of his thumb."
staunton -      then, if you have never heard of Godfrey Staunton you don't know
lawn -      the lawn might possibly reveal some traces of this mysterious
charles -      the plans for Sir Charles, and with a contractor from London, so that
began -      began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing.
steps -      the steps. She watched us with a sardonic eye as we stepped from the
lancashire -      hundred and fifty thousand acres. Minerals in Lancashire and Wales.
old -      Yoxley Old Place between eight and nine."
douglas -      "Well, you figured it out about right," said Douglas approvingly. "I
jump -      entered. As I came in he gave quite a jump in his chair and turned
shoscombe -      happier note than Sir Robert's actions deserved. Shoscombe Prince did
london -      will suppose that he reaches London and sees the foreign agent. He
twenty -      "I feel twenty years younger, Holmes. I have seldom felt so happy as
way -      the way, is there any news of the match?"
stand -      much as a glimpse of him--it's more than I can stand. My husband is
more -      "Probably you would be more familiar with the name of my son
lane -      lane. Half a mile farther this opened into another broad road, and
way -      occupied," said he. "By the way, what was it you put into the
harrow -      I showed it to Mr. Sutro, my lawyer, who lives in Harrow. He said to
lock -      He went over to the door, and turning the lock he examined it in his
southampton -      had a wire that he arrived at Southampton this morning. Now, Mr.
loose -      Come on! We'll see it through if all the fiends of the pit were loose
downlands -      the soft freshness of the downlands in her delicate colouring,
how -      "You will tell him exactly how you have left me," said he. "You will
reach -      reach, you would understand my feelings. I lit a cigar, and puffed at
old -      "Old shoes, but newly shod--old shoes, but new nails. This case
true -      "You do indeed seem to know everything. Well, it is true. Barney and
hope -      that I hope frankness may beget frankness. What my next step may be
well -      "Well, Miss Hunter, if your mind is made up, that settles the
station -      station. I kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some
sundial -      of lawn with an old sundial in the middle, the whole effect so
old -      the street. You'll find old Jacob Shafter that runs it as honest a
how -      "And then the terrible thing happened. You may have heard how quick
well -      "Well, I guess I'll do my share of shoving with the rest of the
winchester -      in Winchester, I should never have had a fear for her. It is the five
how -      million missing. How was the window?"
eye -      "'What an eye you have!' he cried, with a sigh of relief. 'It is just
white -      amid the tangle of white hair, and the air of the room was fetid with
coat -      the man. He wore shoes, but no socks, and his open coat disclosed a
laid -      exclamation, sprang to his feet, and laid his pipe down upon the
quick -      "Then without it." With a quick movement Holmes pushed the fellow to
more -      in an attempt to produce the same effects. He found, as so many more
home -      way home, and met with courtesy from the representative. No, I could
letters -      the last day of grace, and unless we can get the letters to-night
stock -      like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such
how -      forced before now, and why should not mine be? If so, how terrible
twenty -      It was twenty past three when we reached our terminus, and after a
oath -      sworn the oath of secrecy and fidelity, and you are aware that the
lady -      "Why, then we may find the lady of service. It must be our first duty
well -      "Get back into your chair!" said Holmes sternly. "It is very well to
box -      "Have you examined the box since Tuesday morning?"
lodge -      acquittal. That a man on the very night of joining the lodge should
esher -      evening I went to Esher to fulfil this engagement.
way -      "Ask Mr. Sholto to step this way.--Mr. Sholto, it is my duty to
lady -      The lady stared in amazement.
turn -      hardly fail to come upon the motive, which in turn should lead us to
sound -      advantages, as it would be impossible to miss with it, and the sound
county -      wife are as respectable a couple as any in the county."
turn -      here on my arm where his first blow fell. Then it was my turn, and I
thurston -      the cue. 3. You never play billiards except with Thurston. 4. You
oval -      flat oval object. It is addressed to Mr. Garcia, Wisteria Lodge. It
uplands -      the great mire now, for even the firm uplands are becoming a morass.
hammer -      Mr. Douglas defended himself with the hammer, he might have left his
bare -      curtainless windows, and every detail of the great, bare, whitewashed
beryl -      consisted of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended halfway up
more -      sailor. His hands were far from horny. My lens discloses more than
angle -      upon the ground, the head doubled under him at a horrible angle, the
well -      "Well, Watson, what do you think of it?" asked Holmes, as we
park -      park gates. A tall, dark figure was awaiting us there, who proved to
close -      air. Leaning back in his arm-chair of an evening, he would close his
eye -      "My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Near
hope -      to Dartmoor in the hope of getting some information about the King's
old -      district. Old Mr. Farquhar, from whom I purchased it, had at one time
chalk -      northern chalk downs. A number of small shops have come into being to
worth -      that is worth a ten-mile drive. Now, Watson, let us make for Gelder &
well -      "'Oh, very well. Kill it and take it with you.'
well -      since we do the taking of him, why should we not do the rest as well?
rope -      rope of the bell. Then I lashed her in her chair, and frayed out the
stoke -      who had at first been overjoyed to see a Roylott of Stoke Moran back
town -      Mr. Neil Gibson had not returned from town, but we saw in the house
rose -      I had a mirror in my hand and had seen what was behind me. She rose
edinburgh -      Edinburgh, and there I remained until I was seventeen years of age.
station -      "I object to my girl picking up with men outside her own station."
home -      to say that the master had come home, on which the wife, knowing that
way -      my fellow-lodger. "The way you kept on my trail was a caution."
letters -      letters on plates of beaten gold, which were handed unto the holy
loose -      him, for I have always been like a madman when my temper gets loose.
how -      "How, in the name of good-fortune, did you know all that, Mr.
how -      "How about the Greek Legation?"
boot -      diving into one of the corners of the room he drew a brown boot from
lodge -      Bodymaster of my own lodge? If it's right or if it's wrong, it's for
kettle -      furiously upon the spirit-lamp. I took off the kettle and blew out
way -      so far mastered his system as to apply it in a way which earned his
well -      room. Mr. Eduardo Lucas was so well known and popular that his
well -      "That will do very well. I shall be very much surprised if it does
rope -      one blood-mark, especially towards the end of the rope, from which I
station -      "The ticket would have shown which station was nearest the agent's
station -      Mackleton Station, whence he could send some telegrams. Late at night
quick -      Holmes. I have been cut to the quick. I understand that you have
row -      "Quite so," I answered with some mystification. "And on B row."
old -      old hounds like Watson and myself may get a sniff of it."
point -      Sir Charles's nervous system was strained to the breaking point. He
rake -      when you rake up family matters which are better hidden, and when you
laid -      that of the inspector cut down the wretched object and laid it
box -      "Ah, yes, the box. The professor brought back a little wooden box
mason -      who has been dead a thousand years?" asked John Mason.
way -      certainly some appeal to 'Elsie.' In this way I had got my L, S, and
well -      "Well," said our engineer ruefully as we took our seats to return
rose -      McMurdo rose in his place and raised his hand. The expression of his
worth -      It was worth a wound--it was worth many wounds--to know the depth of
piece -      recovered from his temporary impotence. Seizing a half-consumed piece
university -      Monday morning found us on our way to the famous university town--an
middle -      "Plumb in the middle of the back of the head and smack through the
more -      window, or it would have been even more intolerable. This might
glass -      I handed him the glass, and he drank it down.
point -      inscription upon the paper was brief, but to the point:
city -      Doctor--as no doubt you have divined--in the cellar of the City
town -      town, and I had observed that he had turned over the morning papers
way -      "Sure thing. My landlady down Fratton way had some inquiries, and
bury -      carried out by Stimson and Co., of the Kennington Road, who will bury
dull -      to protrude and the mouth to mumble, the dull eyes regained their
york -      York. Signor Zamba is an invalid, and our new friend Castalotte has
turn -      if it had been safe, to turn it on. At one side of the fireplace was
wish -      who may wish to enjoy the pure Dartmoor air. Tavistock itself lies
lead -      his eyebrows my heart turned to lead in my breast.
sheet -      preponderance which may be shown in an average of a printed sheet may
lady -      with the defence, we were allowed to see the young lady in her cell.
brixton -      in a hansom, driving furiously for the Brixton Road.
well -      "I think, inspector," Holmes remarked, "that you would do well to
box -      One day, in looking for a canula, I took up the box. To my surprise
green -      green floating in the air caught my eye, and another glance showed me
tiptoe -      you to walk on tiptoe and not to talk above a whisper."
nasty -      shoulder. 'I've had a nasty facer myself, but--' That was all I could
county -      "That was what the county coroner asked me at the inquiry. It is my
began -      I had betrayed myself, I began to think. I had been warned against
south -      complete register of the stockholders of these South American
home -      mind, and returned home with a lighter heart.
high -      around the walls. At the farther end from the door was the high
wood -      squares of wood beneath it. One turned sideways as he dug his nails
market -      market in the same way last year?"
quick -      shot would have been as quick as yours."
well -      that if he were given time in which to realize them all would be well
mere -      it should be a mere coincidence. The very pills which I suspected in
well -      always. Well I know that they would have had me do just what I have
paddington -      Paddington and were waiting in the consulting-room. I dressed
derbyshire -      Derbyshire, who had a very dashing wife, with a strong partiality for
eye -      looked ahead, the gleam of metal caught my eye from amid the thick
middle -      balanced the lamp in the middle of it, he began to smoke over it, and
white -      appearance, but his face was of an ashen white, while his lips and
battle -      left in possession of the field of battle, and also of the spoils of
wing -      this house all servants sleep in the modern wing. This central block
netley -      University of London, and proceeded to Netley to go through the
stapleton -      the man who called himself Stapleton was simple and direct, although
real -      manservant. This little group forms the real family, for their travel
twenty -      last derelict of what only twenty years ago was a goodly fleet."
wish -      "I've had enough of you and your geese," he shouted. "I wish you were
spring -      spring out, throw my great-coat over his head, pinion him, and leave
green -      right to nurse this lady than we have. Good morning, Mr. Green; I
coombe -      to return to Coombe Tracey forthwith, while we started to walk to
white -      wedding-dress of watered silk, a pair of white satin shoes and a
letters -      transcribing my own letters to Mr. Sherlock Holmes which lie before
turn -      Yard, Hopkins had to go out, and he in turn had to send for me. All
box -      into the box for future purposes. The other half I will place in this
knock -      "It is I, McMurdo. You surely know my knock by this time."
middlesex -      on three English counties in our short drive, starting in Middlesex,
well -      "As well as another," he answered.
eye -      and I kept a keen eye upon my two companions. Ferguson appeared to be
valley -      valley in which he found himself divided and sub-divided into many
letters -      want to inspect the letters, of course. If they are really good
well -      "I have little more to say, and it's as well, for I am about done up.
read -      read our plans." She tore from the bosom of her dress a small packet.
rise -      had topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the
village -      who was also the village grocer, had a clear recollection of the
knock -      interrupted by a sharp knock at the door.
dull -      It was evening of a dull, foggy November day when, having left our
glass -      we sat over a glass of whisky and soda in Baker Street, "it was
flushing -      "A rude fellow," said our guide, flushing with anger as we withdrew
height -      his extraordinary height. I don't think any of our heads would have
start -      Sterndale gave a violent start and looked at Holmes in amazement.
close -      interest to finish, and this investigation draws rapidly to a close."
stone -      appeared on the under edge of the stone balustrade.
dull -      years of age. He had a cadaverous face, with the dull dead skin of a
field -      look at these scattered objects in the field!"
lodge -      "Not a word. He lives at the lodge with his mother, and as he was a
old -      power of this spiteful old busybody. But his next remark took a
true -      "What he says is true," said Carruthers.
well -      "Well, it is rather obvious."
street -      George Street, Westminster; Louis La Rothiere, of Campden Mansions,
more -      "'Ah, but I sleep more heavily than you.'
sea -      "A retired sea captain called Ferguson."
more -      broader and more Western dialect than any which we had heard from him
gang -      these would be returned to his mother. I set the gang at work. One of
old -      McMurdo thought of old Brother Morris. "Sure, it is the second time I
how -      himself. Before pronouncing judgment, however, be it remembered, how
street -      was too busy to visit Baker Street, and he seldom went anywhere
norwood -      and lived at Upper Norwood. We communicated with him, of course, but
start -      had a quarter of an hour's start. I dropped the silver into the pond
scotland -      company. Thence he drove to Scotland Yard, but instead of entering he
keeping -      stopped too, keeping two hundred yards behind her. Her next movement
valley -      hackles and staring eyes, gazing down the narrow valley before them.
sudden -      was worse far than any sudden death could be.
guide -      guide myself by the thousands of other similar cases which occur to
town -      Horsham, I doubt if ever he set foot in the town. He had a garden and
height -      of life, had small feet for his height, wore coarse, square-toed
city -      "Well, at least he is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City
street -      will take a turn down the street with me. It's a fine evening, and
rise -      to-morrow's sun rise.' He shrunk still further away as I spoke, and I
deal -      deal has happened since then. If Colonel Emsworth had not kicked me
how -      had been suddenly cut short. How, and by whom? The same thought
well -      and the billet was such a good one, and suited me so well, that I
brixton -      house in Brixton."
plush -      plush at the neck and sleeves. Her gloves were greyish and were worn
town -      well-dressed man about town. This fellow, a Lascar, was well paid by
well -      at the discovery. "Well, whoever noticed it, it shows how our
stair -      "I followed him to the top of a very lofty stair, and there, right
how -      "But how about our investigation in London?" asked Phelps, ruefully.
county -      must not take it amiss, but it is the orders of the County Delegate
well -      "Well, that puts it different," said he. "When I went to see him this
shoscombe -      then you begin to wonder. I believe Shoscombe Prince and the Derby
well -      course I know that very well. You shall have your way, but give me
hope -      have every hope that the light of truth is breaking through."
wood -      old-fashioned brass key, a peg of wood with a ball of string attached
wing -      other wing. We were just in time to catch a glimpse of the tall,
charing -      description attracted much attention at Charing Cross Station on
way -      Together we made our way down the precipitous slope and approached
way -      "In what way?" asked Holmes.
touch -      right--just a touch of headache. I bade him good-night and left him.
loose -      chap. It was his idea that I was at a loose end, and that he would do
flash -      "Oh, no, it was a knife. I saw the flash of the blade quite
station -      between the Grand Hotel and Charing Cross Station, where a one-legged
wall -      support yourself upon the wall, I think that I can manage."
berkshire -      worried young Edmunds, of the Berkshire Constabulary. A smart lad
way -      wandered on in a way which would have been impossible had there been
moat -      side of the moat. It vanished among the mound-heaps, and then
sudden -      this last sudden move."
street -      In half an hour we had reached Pitt Street, a quiet little backwater
worth -      The idea was at least worth testing; so with the help of Ames, who
way -      We picked our way among groups of dirty children, and through lines
way -      But I knew the way into your good wishes and so I pretended to you
stapleton -      Stapleton turned a ghastly face upon us, but by a supreme effort he
manor -      me for a time, far from the Sussex Manor House of Birlstone, and far
how -      "I don't quite know how to make her clear to you, Watson. Perhaps you
send -      to send a couple of the boys round before evening to give him a
steps -      therefore to see a gentleman with a carpet bag come down the steps at
heather -      the path, too, and among the heather were dark stains of clotted
settle -      gradually began to settle down and to accommodate ourselves to our
hound -      kick which sent him half across the road. 'You hound,' he cried,
sea -      commanded the steam sealer Sea Unicorn, of Dundee. He had then had
letters -      "No, that was not the point. However, I shall write two letters,
read -      page, he begged me to read aloud to him. I read for about ten
acres -      Regency. Nothing was left save a few acres of ground, and the
white -      with its keen white teeth still meeting in the great creases of his
scott -      smoke thinned away there was no sign left of the Gloria Scott. In an
countess -      "Well, if you couldn't you couldn't. If the Countess is a hard
quick -      "You are quick at identification," said he.
milverton -      imperfectly closed, and that Milverton might at any moment observe
strode -      their solution. Come on, Watson." We strode off together to the
pocket -      inside pocket of his greatcoat. As he glanced down the advertisement
hope -      "What can we hope to do?"
coast -      until I saw your lamp go out and knew that the coast was clear. You
charles -      "Yes; Sir Charles was very fond of talking about the provisions of
how -      recall how your reverie commenced?"
frame -      question--why should an athletic man develop his frame upon so
lady -      hands. It is the Lady Eva Brackwell, the most beautiful debutante of
how -      one first and he copied it. How long would it take him to do that,
eye -      "No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel.
street -      village street and found, as we had expected, that the inspector was
sudden -      ceiling, and the fireplace; but never once did I see that sudden
steel -      points of steel. "You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very
how -      place, how did these folk come, and how did they go? The door has not
pool -      Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of
west -      throughout the whole west of England. Many of my readers may retain
charles -      "Had Sir Charles received any other letters in the same writing?"
more -      "I hardly think that likely. I never saw a more inexorable face in my
sudden -      utmost importance as guiding us towards the reason of the sudden
warren -      It's all very appropriate to Mrs. Warren's lodger. If we wait a
well -      "Well, my own was at stake, you know," said Holmes. "I assure you it
lady -      "I am sorry for you, Lady Hilda. I have done my best for you; I can
way -      "It will be clear enough to you soon," he said, in an off-hand way.
mortimer -      sight of the moor," said Dr. Mortimer, pointing out of the carriage
beckenham -      Inspector Gregson, and go straight out to Beckenham.  We know that a
rose -      rose and walked up and down the room to stretch my legs. My coffee
true -      last night--a true account, mind you, with nothing added and nothing
wish -      come from a police examination. I have not long to live, but I wish
how -      already arranged. How is that, Mr. Holmes?"
old -      "Other people can observe as well as you. Yesterday there was an old
how -      clearly how we all stand."
how -      "But how the deuce--?" he gasped.
law -      the law would give him, then her father thought it time to put a stop
douglas -      "If you are Mr. John Douglas of Birlstone Manor, then whose death
more -      else, as seemed more likely, was imperfectly informed about it. It
how -      "How do you know that?"
how -      "It was all very bad, no doubt," said he. "I should like to know how
london -      settled down upon London. From the Monday to the Thursday I doubt
well -      "Well, sir, what of that?"
sound -      A sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouching among
street -      other side of the street, looking anxiously at the numbers. He had a
wall -      the only message I can send him." She turned her face to the wall and
stamford -      "By the way," I asked suddenly, stopping and turning upon Stamford,
way -      make my own way in the world.'
read -      "It was short and terse, the warning, as I now read it to my
oldacre -      "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood."
stapleton -      melancholy, throbbing murmur once again. Stapleton looked at me with
deal -      "I have to thank you for a good deal," said he. "Perhaps I'll pay my
johnston -      the exception of Young himself, and of Stangerson, Kemball, Johnston,
frame -      order to frame it and hang it up."
point -      "It is, indeed; but it's not for me to point out the man that is to
how -      low. Let us see in the future how high you can rise."
cross -      "But why should such an idea cross your mind?"
more -      stone would be a more serious offence than to be found in temporary
more -      the lawn, sprang up and into the room once more, all with the energy
hope -      Hope slapped the revolver butt which protruded from the front of his
read -      "She wanted to see where the crime was done--had read about it in the
london -      "I think," said he, "that we shall be of more use in London than in
well -      "Dear me! It is a stake for which a man might well play a desperate
box -      box he leaned back in his chair and laughed aloud.
deal -      this mysterious assistant and found that I had to deal with one of
water -      "In a very few minutes, sir. You will find hot water in your rooms.
mortimer -      case--that of Mortimer Tregennis himself--you cannot have forgotten
gang -      his son, 'when we broke up that poaching gang they swore to knife us,
stand -      power. But if these big companies find that we stand between them and
how -      shoulder. This is how it ran:
moor -      shaken by that sound upon the moor. I will say nothing to add to his
hope -      to-night. I hope that I make it all plain?'
rise -      screw was a pound a week rise, and the duties just about the same as
cross -      "From Charing Cross Hospital?"
hope -      suggestive of encouragement and of hope. As I watched him I was
baldwin -      "You've been asking for it this many a day, Ted Baldwin--now you've
oxford -      business in Oxford Street.  As I passed the corner which leads from
gresham -      McFarlane, junior partner of Graham and McFarlane, of 426, Gresham
wall -      presently by scrambling over your back garden wall."
anerley -      not get back to Blackheath, so I spent the night at the Anerley Arms,
white -      "That's what puzzles me, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason. "If the
bay -      the whole sinister semicircle of Mounts Bay, that old death trap of
river -      of your counties, lying along the Arkansas River, west of Fort Dodge.
lady -      incident proves, I fear, beyond all doubt that the lady is dead. It
anna -      cigarette. "I am in your hands, Anna," said he. "You were always good
church -      from Gelder & Co., in Church Street, Stepney. They are a well-known
keeping -      tin box, and that he could afford now to pay me well for keeping my
more -      more. I have some sources of information of my own, and I dare say we
turn -      rabbits serve your turn."
way -      hut when he and Captain Morstan came stumbling along on the way to
white -      in a red frock, and that she had long white gloves on. As she whisked
press -      "The London press has not had very full accounts. I have just been
trevor -      see Mr. Trevor.
rattle -      perceive.  There is a rattle, which shows that one of them is very
point -      powder I remarked that the point was an extremely important one?"
mark -      mark in some more savoury trade. His method is as follows: He allows
craven -      Private Hotel, in Craven Street, which was actually one of those
manor -      facts. I called last night, as I have already said, at the Manor
turn -      office through the votes of the ruffians who in turn expected to
turn -      every turn. Then he gave a violent start as he saw the impassive head
how -      "I am quite well again. I cannot imagine how I came to be so weak. I
tone -      dates. Least of all does the maiden herself know it until the tone of
send -      mind was soon made up. I would send you a wire. I put on my hat and
wooden -      long line of wooden houses, each with its veranda facing the street,
well -      Purlington is in Essex, I believe, not far from Frinton. Well, of
way -      come the other way."
armitage -      "'My name, dear lad, is not Trevor. I was James Armitage in my
bridge -      office or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station,
hampstead -      hansom and drove to an address in Hampstead. Here we paid off our
hound -      clever, but the old hound is the best, when all is said and done."
more -      is one question which you can answer with more authority than anyone
more -      yet three when we found ourselves in our rooms once more. He hurried
church -      occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village.
mere -      treat the matter as a mere tour-de-force of the author. On my
wing -      is the scullery-maid, who sleeps in the other wing. The other is my
more -      appeared to me in a more fearsome aspect than in that dark grimy
hope -      where there could be no hope of any plunder, and why should he come
town -      this town," said our clerk, glibly. "They are friends of mine and
green -      where his heels had come down. That one dint in the short green grass
stand -      them out, and I'll stand by and come in on the choruses."
moor -      moor?"
well -      gentleman, well dressed, and having cards in his pocket bearing the
more -      window once more."
shelf -      mass torn from the mane of a lion. It lay upon a rocky shelf some
spring -      which sailed one spring morning into a small patch of mist from where
white -      crimson halo of blood, lying in a broad wet circle upon the white
home -      abroad rather than keep him concealed at home. I could see no
heads -      six-shooters over the heads of the crowd, and they broke and
rock -      trembling in every limb. We helped him to a rock, where he sat
how -      the succession, how could he explain the fact that he, the heir, had
well -      "Well, then, we will pass to this card--V. V. 341. It is rough
lady -      are the Daily Gazette extracts of the last fortnight. 'Lady with a
way -      "I see. By the way, that last letter of the Duke's--was it found in
how -      "Thank God! Thank God! Oh, this villain! See how he has treated me!"
how -      crisis comes, as it will do, I will direct how you shall act. I
how -      produce her letters for blackmailing or other purposes, how is she to
ross -      "Excuse me," said he, turning to Colonel Ross, who had looked at him
anna -      "God bless you, Anna!" murmured the old man again.
steps -      the little door on the Duke of York's steps you can put a triumphant
glass -      As he spoke he turned the contents of the wine glass into a saucer
well -      "Well?" I asked.
stapleton -      Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track. Her face
well -      daybreak he was always well on his way. On the sixth day, he reached
old -      "I have been ordained," cried the old rascal.
tongue -      my tongue.
carey -      was the tin box on a shelf. I had as much right to it as Peter Carey,
laid -      wonderfully. Those rules of deduction laid down in that article which
way -      passage at the bottom. Half way down this staircase is a small
hope -      "He could not hope to frighten Sir Henry to death as he had done the
chester -      their murderers are hanged. I gave Chester Wilcox warning, so that
way -      "Very naturally. By the way, about the bird, we were compelled to eat
jump -      you can jump it.'
way -      breaches gaped in the old park wall. Making our way among the trees,
wall -      such violence that the head of the weapon sank deep into the wall. Do
how -      "But how did you know, Mr. Holmes?"
temple -      the Temple to see my husband.
bridge -      Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge. You can catch glimpses
lyons -      all. I wish to be perfectly frank with you, Mrs. Lyons. We regard
hill -      great trench in the opposite hill. That is his mark. Yes, you will
douglas -      if there were any interview at all; for Mrs. Douglas declares that
nasty -      "The boodle. The reward. The Â£500. The gunner turned damned nasty at
rocks -      wider. Finally we stopped and sat panting on two rocks, while we
greet -      to greet the Mormon chief. The latter, however, received his
more -      find out if there were any more Garridebs in the world. 'Find me
mark -      else could protect him. 'Us,' mark you! Another person was involved.
raise -      specially sent to raise it to its true and lofty level. I am not
settle -      matter were clear, but then his doubts would settle down upon him
rooms -      sublibrarian, and departed to my rooms with a goodly volume under my
read -      Jack, you must have read all this. I had understood that every paper
well -      "Well, I kept my knowledge to myself and waited to see what would
tore -      flight. Holmes rushed at the bell-pull, tore back a small sliding
bellinger -      Flowers--good heavens! what is this? Lord Bellinger! Lord Bellinger!"
sound -      asphalt; but, save by this variation in sound, there was nothing at
began -      "My dear Mr. Grant Munro--" began Holmes.
twenty -      "That girl that I spoke of was to have married me twenty years ago.
lawn -      "The windows of the three rooms open out upon the lawn. That fatal
old -      and a cellar, when it was used at all. A splendid park with fine old
well -      to death with the whole affair. Well, he has confessed, all right.
old -      "Steady old Jim!" said she, and with a kind o' mocking laugh, she ran
twenty -      "I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past,
turn -      mantelpiece, the dead body, and the rope were each in turn examined,
carey -      was nobody's business to inquire. Shortly after Peter Carey gave up
pill -      alkaloid into small, soluble pills, and each pill I put in a box with
wood -      well within the edge of the wood and under the shadow of a great
sutherland -      entered to announce Miss Mary Sutherland, while the lady herself
press -      "'We are now,' said he, 'actually within the hydraulic press, and it
west -      West's conduct. Or could the chief have given West the slip in the
more -      be more hopelessly prosaic and material? What is the use of having
old -      The old peer stared from the stone to the smiling face before him.
way -      made your way in here without leave, and, by God! you may find it
lowlands -      inter Gentes--published in Latin at Liege in the Lowlands, in 1642.
street -      loud enough to be heard at the other side of the street, 'Drive to
cross -      have it and you have got it. Who asked you to cross my path? If you
milverton -      "Dear me, dear me, how unfortunate!" cried Milverton, taking out a
true -      Such are the true facts of the death of Dr. Grimesby Roylott, of
reach -      before the news could reach me, and that I should be lost for years
factory -      my father Joseph. My father had a small factory at Coventry, which he
douglas -      "How long were you with Douglas in California?" asked Inspector
wilson -      "Bartholomew Wilson."
deal -      anywhere. Help yourselves, gentlemen. Call it a deal and let me beat
lady -      reply written by the lady. Accepting it as correct, we are now able
middle -      in the pictures of the old masters of the Middle Ages. How a beastman
mere -      a mere chance, I take it, that the pastime brought him to the young
quarter -      "'Then my comrade and I will swear that you shall have a quarter of
walls -      of all furniture. A vulgar flaring paper adorned the walls, but it
balmoral -      good six lengths before its rival, the Duke of Balmoral's Iris making
stone -      marked their temples. As you look at their gray stone huts against
close -      once more quite close to Mapleton. It was Holmes who saw them first,
bay -      Georgian edifice, with a flat brick face broken only by two deep bay
close -      Drebber was rather pleased than otherwise. I got so close to them in
law -      killed Black Peter the law should give me thanks, for I saved them
box -      "'An iron box,' he answered, 'which contains one or two little family
openshaw -      may start with a strong presumption that Colonel Openshaw had some
oxford -      man. To-morrow we play Oxford. Yesterday we all came up and we
white -      "He was white with rage, and, indeed, I felt myself in so difficult a
furnace -      "There is a central heating furnace in the cellar under Lady
coat -      his coat, stuffed his tools into the pockets, and darted behind the
staunton -      "Was Mr. Staunton a healthy man?"
norwood -      "Mysterious Business at Upper Norwood."
stair -      the stair. A moment later our old friend Lestrade appeared in the
well -      of course I knew well that Holmes loved his art, so that he was ever
brunton -      light I glanced to see what the paper was which Brunton had taken
london -      down in the dark jungle of criminal London, but I was well assured
coat -      house. It seemed likely enough that the weighted coat had remained
lead -      your eyes, to clearly understand whither it will lead and yet to be
worth -      Christie's. A complete set of this would be worth a king's ransom--in
more -      to England, and we bought country estates. For more than twenty years
well -      "Well?" I asked at last.
sea -      pieces. The sea air, sunshine, and patience, Watson--all else will
street -      When I arrived at Baker Street I found him huddled up in his armchair
glass -      "Why not? There was wine in each glass."
douglas -      of plaster at the angle of Mr. Douglas's jaw. Did you observe that in
more -      once more to London, "it has been a pretty business for me! I have
hope -      "We must make our start at once," said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a
read -      room. That is how I read it. At first I thought our friend might have
more -      dash of brandy. So! Now he looks a little more human. What a shrimp
woodley -      vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith Woodley, of Carstairs, but
brooks -      with running brooks and blossoming trees. There was hope for all
london -      since he has definitely retired from London and betaken himself to
settle -      behind him, "I think we may leave them to settle the rest among
how -      "I never explained to my wife how things were. Why should I pull her
london -      whirled back to London, and I fancy that the journey was a short one
hilton -      Hilton Cubitt I only know that I have heard she recovered entirely,
point -      forever. The will is very clear upon that point. You don't comply
rose -      Holmes rose and sat down at the table with his pen in his hand and a
old -      is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy
start -      laugh. "You might start a paper on those lines. Call it the 'Police
chalk -      The two men had stopped opposite the window.  Some chalk marks over
forth -      set forth looking for Garridebs. There is not one in the United
old -      Our old chambers had been left unchanged through the supervision of
brixton -      Brixton Road, two miles away. This Dr. Barnicot is an enthusiastic
well -      they have sneaked one of the black. Well, have you got it? Speak out,
douglas -      "We are investigating the murder of Mr. John Douglas of Birlstone
well -      can be attended with the utmost secrecy, then it may as well not be
sound -      "There was not a soul to be seen, nor a sound to be heard, except the
send -      Just as medical men occasionally send their incurables to a quack.
lawn -      success. Rain had fallen on the night before and we examined the lawn
quick -      follow the quick, subtle methods by which he disentangled the most
tore -      evening we found a reply waiting for us at our hotel.  Holmes tore it
breach -      deny his signature if an action for breach of promise were
charles -      Sir Charles was superstitious and had taken this grim legend very
more -      man was gone, so I thought no more about it. But you can imagine how
loose -      clad in some sort of loose white gown.
shoscombe -      only be realized by bringing off this coup with Shoscombe Prince.
loose -      but loose money to the extent of seven pounds thirteen. Pocket
lodge -      been disposed of, the business of the lodge proceeded. McMurdo,
how -      full and clear account of how my friend had produced results which
sudden -      the alarm which had been caused to his friends by his sudden
sound -      a distant table absorbed in his work. At the sound of our steps he
angle -      The lodger occupied two rooms at the vicarage, which were in an angle
turn -      it. 'You've given the governor such a turn,' said he, 'that he'll
well -      cells, and his box as well, for we thought there might be something
edgware -      Street, one of the smaller offshoots from the Edgware Road, within a
wilson -      they cared no longer about Mr. Jabez Wilson's presence--in other
real -      some real valley in which he had lived and in which something
scott -      "You may remember how the affair of the Gloria Scott, and my
quick -      face. "There are the wheels, Watson. Quick, man, if you love me! And
laid -      passage without result. The corridor which led to the room was laid
well -      enough, anyhow! Well, well, there's Lestrade at the front window, and
strode -      shoulder, strode off down the gorge and so away into the heart of the
ripe -      Monday next--matters will be ripe, and the Professor, with all the
coast -      the pond, intending to return for it when the coast was clear.
sound -      his chair. The sound was repeated, and then there came a gentle tap
how -      "Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say? How could he
high -      prepared. The young detective was in high spirits at his success.
moor -      done, upon the moor? I said it in London, Watson, and I say it again
way -      irregular and rock-strewn paths. More than once they lost their way,
middle -      woman, still in fresh middle age, and yet, by a strange change, the
mason -      "Mrs. Mason, the nurse, has sworn that she will not leave it night or
charles -      is useless to investigate Sir Charles's death, and that you desire me
lady -      necessity to disturb them; but I was pleased to hear that the lady
wood -      billets of wood which were scattered round the floor. Almost at once
stapleton -      piece of biography of Stapleton's. I was able to establish the
worth -      for he is worth it.
how -      "How about this rope?" he asked.
east -      them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case
wilson -      Mr. Jabez Wilson laughed heavily. "Well, I never!" said he. "I
midway -      revolver lay upon the floor midway between them.
well -      "Ha! It came like that, did it?" said Holmes, thoughtfully. "Well,
began -      late at night that I could earn anything, so that I began to get
birmingham -      see you off to Birmingham. Coming my way, Mr. Holmes? Well, then,
street -      the street, and I will rejoin you in ten minutes. I hope that I have
london -      name at the time--and she stuck on to us until we came to London. I
reading -      "I spent a morning in the British Museum reading up on that and other
old -      beard and twisted features, as terrible an old man as ever I have
well -      trousers, and immaculate collar and cuffs. A top hat, well brushed
wish -      "'I wish to God he was!' he cried, and, tearing himself free, he
box -      small wooden box with a sliding lid, such as children's toys are kept
how -      "And how have I neglected it?" asked Ferrier, throwing out his hands
warren -      and you cannot see him. Why, bless you, Mrs. Warren, if I were your
york -      was four years ago, and we have been in New York ever since.
point -      impression of youth. In point of fact he had just turned his
lane -      do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so
how -      know how ever I got out of the room."
turn -      may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a box for
jump -      papers. As he is reading them I will jump for him and get my grip on
brighton -      without being seen. They took tickets for New Brighton. So did I, but
leadenhall -      superscription except Leadenhall Street, which is rather vague. The
wall -      observed, and I had examined the hall and was sure that the wall was
street -      more than a year ago now. He knifed another Italian in the street,
more -      "My difficulty is the more formidable of the two, for I think that we
milverton -      barrel into Milverton's body, the muzzle within two feet of his shirt
well -      "That is well. The letter which I hold in my hand is from Lord St.
gang -      "We have known for some time that a clever gang was at work," said
old -      cut. An old scratch would be the same colour as the surface. Look at
sudden -      him!" Then I heard a sudden sharp intake of her breath, and she
brougham -      find a small brougham waiting close to the curb, driven by a fellow
court -      Street was choked with red-headed folk, and Pope's Court looked like
quick -      "How can we return it?" Holmes muttered. "Quick, quick, we must think
bulk -      activity, considering his bulk, he sprang up the steps and squeezed
fleet -      hair had tramped into the city to answer the advertisement. Fleet
well -      that as well. I came to you, Mr. Holmes, because I recognized that I
close -      Mason seated in close consultation in the small parlour of the local
how -      room. That is how I read it. At first I thought our friend might have
wood -      "With a wood round it?"
keeping -      down the fringe of grass which flanked the path, keeping his eyes
forest -      New Forest or the shingle of Southsea. A depleted bank account had
edge -      well within the edge of the wood and under the shadow of a great
douglas -      "Did you know Mrs. Douglas before her marriage?"
bold -      bull-dog face was framed in a tangle of hair and beard, and two bold
yell -      instant the Baron uttered a horrible cry--a yell which will always
edge -      the water's edge, where there was a small wooden wharf. Toby led us
more -      the more extraordinary, there was no side road at this point down
stream -      my finger on the thready pulse, where the stream of life trickled
point -      "It is of the utmost importance that you should notice this point. I
london -      greatest cut-throats in London. He is connected with the Mafia,
street -      Street.  In spite of his capacity for concealing his emotions, I
weeks -      exercise, though very often for weeks on end he would never leave his
london -      money. I do not mean that any beggar in the streets of London could
how -      a disastrous scandal. You will see how impossible it is for me to go
moor -      moor, half silver and half gloom. Far away, miles off, in the
york -      the little door on the Duke of York's steps you can put a triumphant
park -      "We could see the other side of the road and the Park."
bridge -      Waterloo Bridge.' Here is the account:
turn -      to go quietly down to your garden and turn the whole matter over in
moor -      to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of darkness when the powers
well -      "'Well, then, you know now. And if you ever put your foot over that
bold -      stranger's bold gray eyes looked back fearlessly through their
warren -      "I have a great fancy to see this lodger of yours, Mrs. Warren."
brixton -      some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Road, to a
old -      left his behind him. A nice old brier with a good long stem of what
point -      matter. Now, I make a point of never having any prejudices, and of
well -      which would serve our turn well. Do you bring one over. We shall
street -      Holmes pointed to the street lamp above our heads.
california -      quite six years since Douglas left California. You followed him next
dishes -      cook. The table was piled with half-eaten dishes and dirty plates,
toller -      besides Mr. Rucastle, both Toller and his wife find something to do
stand -      stand by the English law?"
brixton -      117, Brixton Road, egg and poultry supplier.'"
street -      across the Park, and so through Oxford Street to Baker Street. Two
piece -      flesh-coloured velvet, lay the magnificent piece of jewellery which
way -      then, making his way round to the top of the cliff, he had
banks -      out among yourselves, and do both banks thoroughly. Let me know the
close -      of us, so it was a close thing, but we emptied four of their saddles
dartmoor -      large reward has been offered, and all the gypsies of Dartmoor are on
sheet -      chair, and he took the proofs, sheet by sheet, to copy them. He
well -      "'Well, I hope to goodness the house won't be burgled during the
point -      this point when the young man seized his two companions and dragged
old -      which the old naturalist handed to me, and, having thus sealed an
simpson -      "The net is drawn pretty close round Fitzroy Simpson," he remarked,
street -      enough when I got to Baker Street and showed him the empty box. They
point -      "Oh surely if you consider the events at first they can only point to
well -      take an interest. And you say he carried himself well, sir?'
kent -      but you have forced my hand. Ralph, tell Mr. Godfrey and Mr. Kent
guide -      the one pane," said our learned guide.
blackheath -      Blackheath, and five Internationals. Good Lord! Mr. Holmes, where
norton -      in the secure tying up of Irene Adler, spinster, to Godfrey Norton,
wall -      one end of it to this great hook in the wall. Then, I think, if you
university -      It was already dark when we reached the old University city. Holmes
mere -      "We might deduce it from the mere character of the one hand as
way -      front of him. I reined up my horse, wondering which way I should
wells -      artesian wells are commoner with them than with us. It was a typical
row -      "Rochester Row," said he. "Now Vincent Square. Now we come out on the
bold -      "Well, sir," said the guide, "it seemed, if I may be so bold as to
more -      "Or had escaped. That is much more likely, for he would have known
white -      white band, the sum of five pounds will be paid to any one who can
reading -      reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considerably
well -      think, Watson, that you would do well to put that revolver where you
steel -      was holding his arm. She had turned in a moment from steel to velvet.
steep -      to the far horizon. So steep were the rocky banks on either side of
hampstead -      and together we dashed away across the huge expanse of Hampstead
close -      "I did not know of a close intimacy."
white -      his ghastly white face.
way -      he has no ambition and no energy.  He will not even go out of his way
well -      "Well, if you wish to see Godfrey, you shall. It is no doing of mine,
station -      Dartmoor. Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station--the one a
edge -      appeared on the under edge of the stone balustrade.
birmingham -      London, you know; and I by Birmingham; but this time I shall follow
rock -      Alpine-stock had been left leaning against a rock which jutted on to
street -      we hear that Mr. Holmes of Baker Street is here."
scotland -      sister's story.  I think we should call at Scotland Yard for
broker -      had a hand in the affair? Cornelius might be a broker, but we have
brougham -      of my brougham, and if you desire a twenty-mile ride which will lead
high -      "About four feet high."
street -      rats, and we heard their shrill voices next moment in the street.
way -      way account for them?"
clouds -      "The clouds are heavy."
county -      finally her love. He could talk of the sweet valleys of County
scotland -      "I wouldn't have the Scotland Yarders know it for the world," he
press -      crushed in the press, set fire to the wooden walls, though no doubt
how -      seem. Ah, I am wondering! Strange how the brain controls the brain!
street -      midnight approached and the street gradually cleared, he paced up and
mortimer -      "Mortimer said that the man had walked on tiptoe down that portion of
cabin -      I asked whether whisky and brandy were in the cabin. You said they
downs -      South Downs."
sound -      safe and sound, their work well done, and the plaudits of their
how -      there, again, I fail to see how you work it out."
stanley -      Sharp at the hour named Inspector Stanley Hopkins appeared, and we
mere -      not dare to conceive the things which are really mere commonplaces of
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, what can it be?"
clapham -      have an amnesty in that direction, I think. This is Clapham Junction,
well -      well up in anatomy, and he is a first-class chemist; but, as far as I
lodge -      "It's a good plan," said McGinty. "The lodge will owe you a debt for
charing -      five, conducted my investigation, was back at Charing Cross by the
old -      This is a queer old book I picked up at a stall yesterday--De Jure
charles -      concealment of King Charles. People did not hide in those days
close -      puzzling over it when I heard the door gently close again, and her
height -      hair and moustache, and about the same height. Did you get anything
more -      retire early to-night, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in
holborn -      We passed across Holborn, down Endell Street, and so through a zigzag
water -      sergeant, John Holder, was in the water at the same time, and he was
how -      After that came a long newspaper story about how a miners' camp had
old -      them five years, and old Coxon gave me a ripping good testimonial
america -      very strong reason for leaving America. Men at his time of life do
start -      I gave a start of astonishment. Accustomed as I was to Holmes's
common -      male ear was pierced for an earring which is so much more common
well -      "Well, what is the next step?"
downs -      northern chalk downs. A number of small shops have come into being to
stand -      was pretty good, but I hardly expected that it would stand that
old -      "But it was some time coming. The old gentleman could not be decoyed
douglas -      half an hour earlier than reported; that Mrs. Douglas and Barker are
how -      since I have often had occasion to point out to him how superficial
well -      "Well, I got the two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden."
high -      and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high
way -      way towards the criminal."
well -      "Well, maybe not. I understand that I have your word, Mr. Holmes,
read -      "I can read the first few lines, and these in the middle of the
victory -      "It is Lestrade's little cock-a-doodle of victory," Holmes answered,
hammer -      struggle--Douglas may have gripped the hammer that was found upon the
how -      life. That was how she saw it, and I guess she could see past the
barney -      them. It is that gang of Barney Stockdale, with the big nigger in
rose -      the thin white hand which he laid on the mantelpiece as he rose was
mortimer -      recollect that Mortimer Tregennis, in describing the episode of his
real -      "But now came the real difficulty of the inquiry. The order of the
pocket -      pistol in my pocket, determined not to discover myself until I had an
pocket -      a slip of paper from his waistcoat pocket.
way -      five give way to four and that again to three, he lost heart, and
hope -      hope of catching a glimpse of the escaped convict. If he would
milverton -      "To Milverton's housemaid."
way -      change from his dressing gown to his coat. "While we are on our way,
began -      when the bronze sword began to supersede the stone axe. Look at the
home -      laughter. They had waited for their man as he drove home at
charing -      waste-paper baskets of the hotels around Charing Cross until we found
stepney -      from Gelder & Co., in Church Street, Stepney. They are a well-known
way -      Foreign Office well, upon his way. When I heard that some one had
star -      Star was there in January, '85, my suspicion became a certainty. I
greatness -      greatness thrust upon him. But now the thing was officially
old -      authority that the crime was the result of an old standing and
more -      would seem that the private grudge is the more likely theory. He
how -      "Then, how do you know?"
how -      confidence now, Mr. Hatherley, and I have shown you how I trust you.'
westward -      should say nothing as to our researches we turned our faces westward
petty -      spider which lurks in the centre. Petty thefts, wanton assaults,
bath -      at the bath. It is unlikely that it is the bootmaker, since your
street -      we followed into Oxford Street and so down Regent Street. Once our
ripple -      She broke into a ripple of laughter and walked to the fireplace.
well -      "Well?"
devonshire -      coquettish Duchess of Devonshire fashion over her ear. From under
harker -      out where the other three busts had gone. The first was at Harker's.
more -      "Yes, sir; prints it in pencil. Just the word, nothing more. Here's
well -      "Well, Mr. Gregson," said the American, looking across at the
cross -      out from her retreat. Well, Hopkins, here we are at Charing Cross,
cross -      carried to Charing Cross Hospital and afterwards insisted upon being
way -      mat--he shot Douglas in this horrible way. He dropped his gun and
pocket -      track. Probably the photograph we found in his pocket is the man
lady -      showing that the lady's nose was very broad at the base. This sort of
way -      "Can I help you in any way?"
settle -      settle down to a quiet and respectable life. I bought this estate,
home -      drove home to my house in Kensington I thought over it all, from the
way -      a woman, for she would have her way."
main -      "Those are the main facts of the case, stripped of all surmise, and
flash -      sought was evidently not there, for again we saw the flash through
city -      hair had tramped into the city to answer the advertisement. Fleet
stile -      house, you'll find it shorter to get over this stile, and so by the
how -      "How long is it since your wife asked you for a hundred pounds?"
rose -      smell of the creasote rose high above all other contending scents.
pool -      game-keeper, lost sight of them. The Boscombe Pool is thickly wooded
manor -      Manor House was horribly murdered last night!"
scott -      Scott Eccles, which could only have been done for the purpose of an
pocket -      Holmes took a paper from his pocket and laid a ten-pound note upon
hope -      of action is an excellent one. Meanwhile, Hope, we cannot neglect all
reach -      "So that to reach the Yew Alley one either has to come down it from
village -      village in Berkshire, when this horror occurred. They were on their
way -      sleep. Before daybreak, however, they were up and on their way once
worth -      million worth lies, and, as I cannot use it myself, I thought perhaps
heads -      roof which lost itself in the shadows above our heads. Holmes had lit
london -      undisguised wonder, as we rattled through the crowded London streets.
more -      Presently he emerged, looking even more flurried than before. As he
laid -      those odds enormous sums of money have been laid upon him. It is
tore -      tore the mask from his face and hurled it upon the ground. "You are
lead -      who knows his secret. Dost Akbar has promised this night to lead him
stair -      however, as I ascended the stair, I met Mr. Rucastle coming out
dunbar -      hand, Miss Dunbar, as I understand it, admits that she had made an
pool -      search for him, face downward in a little green-scummed pool, which
old -      sat a tall, thin old man, with his jaw resting upon his two fists,
start -      father's death, I determined to start in business for myself and took
stoke -      Stoke Moran this day. I want to see whether the objections are fatal,
read -      first I read this message. Then I reread it very carefully. It was
terriers -      as keen as a set of terriers round a rat-cage.  About the second week
quarter -      by my description of you. We are willing to give Â£30 a quarter, or
toller -      incapable. There only remains Mrs. Toller, who might give the alarm.
oxshott -      side of Oxshott, and less than half a mile from the scene of the
letters -      "The police have the letters," he explained. "I could not bring them.
barrow -      the ancient British barrow. The famous Smith-Mortimer succession case
way -      which throws up mud in that way, and then only when you sit on the
porlock -      of this man Porlock."
stand -      "Stand back! Stand right back!" said he with the sharp imperiousness
old -      He was not disappointed, for presently the old fellow arrived with a
stand -      stand there!"
mortimer -      with Dr. Mortimer's spaniel. In a very few hours the brown earth had
liverpool -      "There is one at 5.20 from Liverpool Street."
old -      was of seal-skin--and he an old sealer."
edge -      down on to the edge of this other slab. So far I was still on safe
kensington -      it. More puzzled than ever I retraced my steps to Kensington. I had
way -      "Ah, he sounds interesting! Does he often indulge in that way?"
wish -      "I wish to heavens that you would, Mr. Holmes. It's my first big
hope -      hope to succeed the very first time."
stand -      myself, my term of service in India had trained me to stand heat
real -      "Well, now, that is real kind of you, Dr. Watson," said he. "You see
sussex -      the raising of that stone. A burly Sussex policeman and I had found
station -      station, and was admitted by my faithful Lal Chowdar, who is now
rose -      McMurdo rose to his feet for an instant. "I would say, Eminent
stair -      stair which came up from the front hall. Out of this landing opened
downs -      downs. Rain squalls drifted across their russet face, and the heavy,
well -      doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral,
way -      calling, but he is overdue. By the way, Watson, you know something of
lady -      time it was the young lady coming from the station. I saw her look
central -      mouldering heraldic emblems; but besides this central carriage drive
street -      the street with them, looked at them most minutely in the full light
mason -      was Mason of Bradford, and the notorious Muller, and Lefevre of
send -      men are is a sailing-ship. It looks as if they always send their
scotland -      laughing-stock of Scotland Yard."
brawl -      would not brawl in the presence of death, but I can assure you that
bold -      bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance
success -      Having no success, she goes again next morning, and her husband meets
press -      now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press."
how -      "You? Who are you? How could you know anything of the matter?"
how -      this rather curious stone-headed instrument. How does all that fit
wooden -      crushed in the press, set fire to the wooden walls, though no doubt
laid -      group of ancient and cobwebby bottles. Having laid out all these
lady -      "I want to know what you have done with the Lady Frances Carfax, whom
read -      days with the head Llama. You may have read of the remarkable
old -      feeble voice, but with something of his old carelessness of manner.
how -      "Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress."
true -      true fold."
more -      came the stealthy steps passing once more upon their return journey.
well -      "Well, then, we are driven back to the theory that it was done by
more -      eyes that he took the matter more seriously. "The story took a great
more -      "And yet, with a little more material, we may prove that they are not
more -      "I have no more notion than you how long it is to last," Holmes
stone -      carbine on his shoulder. I looked about for a stone to beat out his
how -      "'How?'
carey -      Peter Carey has sold are lost for ever. There's the cab, Hopkins, and
old -      the circumstances which led up to the old man's death. Was it
mark -      great trench in the opposite hill. That is his mark. Yes, you will
glass -      "Exactly; but there was bees-wing only in one glass. You must have
hope -      that we have much to hope from the flowers."
moor -      on the moor. They have given up the chase there, and he can lie quiet
norwood -      "With reference to the Upper Norwood tragedy," it remarked, "we have
street -      blinds gazing down into the dull neutral-tinted London street.
well -      "Well, they were a mighty hard-looking crowd. They came up to the
old -      spirits, swinging an old elastic-sided boot in his hand. He chucked
moat -      sombre face of the old house. A cold, damp reek from the moat chilled
sound -      tearing sound, one of the broad, white stones turned over upon its
valley -      the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with
river -      with the murky river flowing sluggishly beneath us. Beyond lay
high -      frock-coat, and a pair of high gaiters, with a hunting-crop swinging
stout -      The stout gentleman half rose from his chair and gave a bob of
norwood -      "Fire!" The shout must have rung over Norwood.
sheet -      excursion. He held in his hand a sheet of blue paper, scrawled over
woolwich -      taken from Woolwich. There were seven in the pocket of Cadogan West.
shop -      chemist's shop while I turned up the fateful paragraph. This was how
turn -      Holmes shook his head. "He did not turn pale. He was pale when we
stream -      depth, which brims over and shoots the stream onward over its jagged
home -      your service. If you are telegraphing home, Mr. Huxtable, it would be
saints -                            The Country of the Saints.
row -      row of year-books which fill a shelf, and there are the
boscombe -                The Boscombe Valley Mystery
well -      foot,--clear, well defined, perfectly formed, but scarce half the
street -      stock-broking firm in Lombard Street. I dare say E. C. is not much in
acton -      "Precisely so," said Mr. Acton. "There can be no possible doubt as to
how -      how very rich he was until we came to examine his securities. The
high -      five with a ravenous appetite for a high tea which I had ordered for
hope -      To-night--Jack--to-night! It's your only hope. He will have your
close -      been.  Upon the floor, close to the body, was lying a singular club
steep -      The whole steep slope was covered with gray circular rings of stone,
ash -      There's no mistaking that fluffy ash upon your coat.  It's easy to
comfort -      ancient culture and comfort, lies this old home, surrounded by a high
well -      her room. He might well do what he could, for she has been a rare
well -      It was a singular spot, and one peculiarly well suited to the grim
more -      us, and to let us have the answers.  But say no more than you are
sussex -                The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire
moor -      death to man or beast. Only yesterday I saw one of the moor ponies
gang -      messages to an accomplice--there are several of his gang in London.
edge -      the edge of the wharf. We took Toby round to each in turn, but,
quick -      the direction of the office. He was an impetuous man, quick in his
cross -      are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very
well -      "Well, perhaps it was. Did you ever hear a bittern booming?"
sudden -      sudden incident had drawn his thoughts into another channel. The
dowry -      "She brought, I understand, a considerable dowry?"
sundial -      sundial in the garden, as she desired no one to be in our confidence.
western -      haven. From the shores of the Mississippi to the western slopes of
london -      traffic which had passed along the London road in the interval. My
how -      truth in this matter, do not keep me in suspense. How do I stand?
more -      no more to be said," she whispered, with her cheek against his broad
oxford -      about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park Lane. A group of
street -      dated from Poplar at twelve o'clock. "Go to Baker Street at once," it
way -      The situation was awkward, but the most direct way is often the best.
norton -      as averse to its being seen by Mr. Godfrey Norton, as our client is
tore -      called for." My friend tore it open and we all three read it
well -      "Well, then, we must explore the matter of the girl. Do you know
old -      well. So, between the old sinner and the young one the girl has had a
more -      "On the contrary, to my mind nothing could be more clear. Let me run
way -      everything above-board! In some way the legal forms have undoubtedly
carey -      Peter Carey."
old -      night I joined you beat up old man Stanger. I could not warn him, for
touch -      business. I can't make you touch the case against your will. You've
well -      has access. Well, Mrs. Warren, what now?"
mark -      from the school--not by a bullet, mark you, which even a lad might
lady -      more successful." He opened the door and ushered in a lady and
way -      there are new-comers in the cottage, she knows in some way that they
began -      "'She looked at me with so strange an expression that I began to
how -      down, thinkin' between ourselves how uncommon handy a four of gin hot
pocket -      There were no papers or memoranda in the murdered man's pocket,
town -      telegram. If there is an afternoon train to town, Watson, I think we
anna -      For the first time the old man stirred. "God bless you, Anna!" he
knock -      the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people
wood -      of wood from the smouldering fire, he blew it into a flame, and
more -      and we drank and we yarned about old times, but the more he drank the
old -      "'Come, come!' said he, in his bustling way. 'It's the old story.
old -      The old man reached out a trembling hand and helped himself to a
white -      white woodwork to correspond."
rise -      is banked in with rolling clouds, which rise now and then to show the
point -      point was which was under discussion. After a time the baronet opened
home -      speaking to me like this. Now I'll be getting home."
hammersmith -      sustained against him. He had visited friends in Hammersmith that
way -      some way with the embassy. He spoke perfect English, was pleasing in
well -      "Well, then came an incident which was rather unexpected to myself. I
street -      about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park Lane. A group of
worth -      have been worth living. Night and day the shadow would have been over
hole -      see. It began with a thin scratch and ended in a jagged hole. I am
campden -      front garden of an empty house in Campden House Road. It was broken
more -      on either side made the obscurity more profound. Weighed down with
how -      Gorgiano--how did he--" She paused, and then suddenly her face lit up
moor -      it is for the good of the poor folk upon the moor. He would be very
point -      burrowing. The only remaining point was what they were burrowing for.
yorkshire -      attached to a certain moth which he had, in his Yorkshire days, been
laid -      laid it on the table.
horsham -      "When my father took over the Horsham property, he, at my request,
deal -      "'You have boxed a good deal in your youth.'
high -      "I have long known, sir, how high is your sense of public duty," said
how -      to. You cannot imagine how comical he was, and I laughed until I was
shawl -      at night, clad in her dinner dress, with a shawl over her shoulders
hope -      Jefferson Hope was able to tell him, and in a style which interested
start -      a good working basis, however, on which to start. We must hurry up,
plymouth -      "Surely I met you in Plymouth at a garden-party some little time ago,
aldgate -      passenger who passed Aldgate in an ordinary Metropolitan train about
way -      find my way about."
quick -      "And then the terrible thing happened. You may have heard how quick
kensington -      vague borderland between Notting Hill and Kensington. The particular
home -      at home, and if Browner had departed in the May Day. Then we went on
van -      Bentinck Street on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van
london -      London on this treasonable mission he met his end."
abbey -      friend Watson has described as that of the Abbey School, in which the
send -      his face here again I'll send you one of his ears for a keepsake."
shinwell -      I have not had occasion to mention Shinwell Johnson in these memoirs
law -      12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.
horsham -      have lived happily at Horsham, and I had begun to hope that this
more -      seventeenth century. Of the double moats which had guarded its more
hilton -      give you, Mr. Hilton Cubitt. If there are any pressing fresh
baldwin -      Baldwin looked at him in amazement. "Curse you!" he cried. "Who are
cunningham -      over the house, Mr. Cunningham."
tore -      obviously could not be he who tore the paper from the dead man's
touch -      "I thought it was father," said she with a pleasing little touch of a
old -      much conscience for the likes of me. But he's a good-hearted old
lady -      "One moment, Gregson," said Holmes. "I rather fancy that this lady
van -      wondering what I should do next, when a covered van drove up with two
letters -      E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name
grey -      handsome, swarthy fellow, clad in a suit of grey flannel, with a
piece -      held up a little crumpled piece of paper.
wilson -      Indian mutiny. After Wilson took Delhi and Sir Colin relieved Lucknow
more -      inside of the case. It is more handy than a label, as there is no
glass -      poured into a third glass, so as to give the false impression that
london -      only returned from a journey to London on Tuesday last, and there is
comfort -      last generation. I had begun to take comfort too soon, however;
selden -      "It is Selden, the man who escaped from Princetown."
lady -      lady had been kept so long. They rushed in and overpowered her with
how -      people may have. How else could she have met me with unconcern every
keeping -      transferred the photograph to his keeping. If the latter, it was less
east -      it as existing under the most effete monarchy of the East? The men
point -      looking at it from every point of view until he had either fathomed
charles -      deal of Sir Charles Baskerville. With the exception of Mr. Frankland,
vauxhall -      Vauxhall Bridge Road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently.
lodge -      "Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. John's Wood."
point -      "That he should appear only at that point?"
lady -      not have caused him to send for me. As to the release of the lady, it
south -      first place, three of you came from South Africa on this game--you
home -      "I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past,
more -      even more essential that we should not lose an hour in letting Hilton
sudden -      better, for there was a sudden snap and the creak of the hinges. Then
way -      at exactly 4.35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the
how -      impress another Briton. You saw yourself how neither of the
old -      "Education, Gregson, education.  Still seeking knowledge at the old
clatter -      clatter of a piano resounded through the night. The fog still hung
how -      prosper! You won't mind my testing you, will you? Let me see. How are
wish -      enough, Mr. Holmes. I did not wish to lose such a place without a
friendly -      friendly supper."
how -      "How did that help you?"
gloucester -      Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington.
point -      "For an instant I was on the point of rushing in. The door had been
how -      for yourself how the matter stands."
how -      and noted how hill after hill showed traces of the ancient people.
eye -      "Suddenly my eye caught the glint of a shaded lantern at the other
home -      London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home
london -      woman in London. I had often heard of the beauty of the youngest
high -      house, which stood high upon a grassy headland, we looked down upon
how -      brother may miss me. I wanted to say to you how sorry I am about the
rope -      arm, and finally passed a rope round above the elbows and made it
way -      "I think that I see my way to clearing James McCarthy," said Holmes.
gravesend -      tide this morning, homeward bound to Savannah. I wired to Gravesend
read -      read the Daily Herald. In a special column put in at the last moment
more -      bit of a haze, and you could not see more than a few hundred yards. I
brook -      house in Brook Street, and to-night they came to such a head that I
montpellier -      Montpellier, and Samson of new Orleans. I could name a score of cases
send -      for Nevada to-morrow, and I'll manage to send him a message letting
steps -      "Certainly the incident was unusual. What were your next steps? You
laid -      he laid it out upon the table. "I have some remembrance," said he,
lane -      We turned a corner in the lane as he spoke, and there was the
white -      and a white man, and I'll tell you the whole story. But one thing I
burn -      suspicion in his eyes. Please burn the cipher message, which can now
moat -      mean--and he made his escape through the window and across the moat
stream -      bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming
letters -      letters were full of allusions to the major. He and papa were in
start -      start a train of reflection in your mind."
old -      allied to the old Carbonari. The oaths and secrets of this
winchester -      weapons of which you speak. Then we shall get on to Winchester, for I
steps -      will see him in the morning, when steps can be taken for Miss
random -      inglenook of the old village inn he talked slowly and at random about
baldwin -      "Yes, it is, Ted Baldwin," said McGinty, with a wicked stare. "Is it
scott -      Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!"
star -      carbuncle, which shone out like a star, with a cold, brilliant,
old -      seat. For a minute or more we all sat in silence. Then the old
catch -      only just time to catch our train."
trevor -      "'Why, dear me, it is surely Hudson,' said Mr. Trevor in a tone of
how -      shall drop in at Norwood and see how you are getting on."
lady -      To my surprise, the young lady held up her gloved hand to detain me.
way -      of some way! Where is the despatch-box?"
east -      "And I say east," said my patient.
well -      at stake in this. If you come home with me, all will be well. If you
wish -      "Would you wish dinner to be served at once, sir?"
main -      the mouth of the bridge lay the dead woman. Such are the main facts.
bush -      to the bush, and in a word became what you would call over here a
london -      living authority upon tropical disease, is now in London. All
brougham -      of the brougham's wheels were still to be seen. A footpath led across
pit -      gravel from a pit.'
old -      business has had a very bad effect upon him. He was an old friend of
lawn -      next room, perhaps from the lawn. I thought that I would just ask you
hail -      country is England, and there's always a policeman within hail.'
farewell -      repeated farewell bows to their indulgent audiences. This must cease
steps -      that one end. With a grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where
how -      you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on seeing
stand -      Stand by me and we'll save her, if I have to leave my carcass in
moor -      friend and I were strolling on the moor when we heard a cry."
wall -      gravel. The steps passed along the path on the other side of the wall
holloway -      "Holloway and Steele, in the Edgware Road. But why?"
well -      well within the edge of the wood and under the shadow of a great
close -      "The practical application of what I have said is very close to the
rooms -      I should come back to my rooms. They watched them continuously, and
way -      "It's this way, Watson," said he at last. "We may leave the question
hope -      "Edith, dear! Nothing the matter, I hope?"
lock -      "Has the outer door a spring lock?"
well -      "Well, mislaid it, anyhow. I put them both outside my door last
south -      the South. Inspector Hill knew him the moment he caught sight of him.
river -      reach of the river, with Barking Level upon one side and the
common -      common female name in Spain."
hope -      "Well, let us hope so. But our doubts will very soon be solved, for
british -      thought I'd dodge your British law; for I was not sure how I stood
staunton -      Staunton's abandoned room, he had extracted all that the porter had
how -      some features of its own," said he. "How much time elapsed between
edgeware -      Monica in the Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if you do it in twenty
prendergast -      "I did not know. It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast
mapleton -      Mapleton stables?"
quick -      armed and shoots quick and straight, with no questions asked. But at
home -      went home to my mother in town.
lodge -      solitary swan. Holmes gazed at it and then passed on to the lodge
america -      of America. Apart from the name upon the barrel, the idea had
green -      hills and green meadows of which seemed the more beautiful when
flint -      cliffs together and search for flint arrows. We are more likely to
newhaven -      our chance of starving before we reach the buffet at Newhaven."
old -      ingenuity, to get old Cunningham to write the word 'twelve,' so that
more -      conseedar" (his accent became more Aberdonian as he lost himself in
read -      sin and sorrow that one read the terrible years which had left their
cliff -      of him. On another occasion, as Drebber passed under a cliff a great
hobson -      official named the County Delegate, living at Hobson's Patch farther
harris -      for you. What is your particular line, Mr. Harris?"
hound -      yet have been unable to save him! Where is this brute of a hound
junction -      tunnel. Aldgate is a junction, and there was a network of points. On
sudden -      sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to
way -      in my way, principally through the introduction of old
fleet -      last derelict of what only twenty years ago was a goodly fleet."
pocket -      handkerchief in his sleeve instead of in his pocket, it is not
high -      "There are two lines of old yew hedge, twelve feet high and
well -      as well for you. If you had killed Watson, you would not have got out
dunbar -      "Miss Dunbar herself."
start -      If you are ready we will start at once for Woking, and see this
rock -      little dog's spoor upon the sand round the very rock on which his
london -      issue could call me from London at present."
pocket -      protruding out of his pocket, you can always draw him by a bet," said
hill -      "Do you see that Black Tor over yonder? Well, do you see the low hill
well -      "Well, we may try you sooner than you think. Have you heard anything
old -      reproof had brought the old angry gleam into his eyes. "I'm not
real -      were dealing with a real hound, as no other supposition could explain
catch -      pauses. At times she spoke so low that I could hardly catch the
street -      way out into the street in a sort of dazed way when you were absent.'
laid -      "It's dead, whatever it is," said Holmes. "We've laid the family
beach -      "Down on the beach. Exactly where poor McPherson met his end. If this
mark -      mark to this. We have not yet met our Waterloo, Watson, but this is
weeks -      weeks have passed without a word. The last letter was from the Hotel
way -      really went the whole way. The devil seemed to be in him at such
began -      to him. The best men all left us, and the show began to go downhill.
furnace -      to the furnace?"
station -      to the Blackheath Station and had caught my train there when, just as
weeks -      for weeks on end. He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are
grange -                         THE ADVENTURE OF THE ABBEY GRANGE
point -      hall was a mere point of light. He opened the outer door, and then as
how -      out the man that I wanted. How well they succeeded, and how quickly I
shop -      Road, and I kept behind her. Presently she went into a shop. Mr.
rose -      Watson was always the man of action, and he rose to the occasion.
way -      One after the other we made our way into a large apartment, which was
morton -      sprint for nuts. Why, Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could
read -      read:
pocket -      pocket.
london -      London. From an official point of view it's simply awful."
lady -      "She is an invalid lady, sir. Her husband was once mayor of
high -      There was high revel in the lodge room at the Union House that night,
emsworth -      "That is so," said Colonel Emsworth.
link -      this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal
plymouth -      Plymouth morning papers."
well -      "Sir Robert has never married. Just as well, I think, considering his
send -      send him to my establishment. In a fortnight the boy was quite at
old -      was a fine old soldier who had seen much of the world, and he soon
well -      "Well, anyhow, he had never seen one."
baldwin -      another hand to be played, and yet another and another. Ted Baldwin,
old -      "But you are joking. What can you gather from this old battered
how -      Mary were just inseparable. I can see now how she was plotting and
amberley -      himself also in your business, Mr. Josiah Amberley, though we have
london -      from London that he had arrived all safe, and directed me to come
well -      "Well, yes. I told the hounds what I thought of them."
white -      hair. One white arm and hand drooped over the side of the chair, and
derbyshire -      Derbyshire was a friend of her husband's and that occasionally his
rope -      "How about this rope?" he asked.
bridge -      followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only
norfolk -      return to Norfolk, that you keep a keen look-out, and that you take
lady -      "A lady yesterday entered your study. She came with the intention of
street -      Street--and--"
way -      stand in the way not merely of an individual, but of a mighty
fulham -      bought in London from Ross and Mangles, the dealers in Fulham Road.
more -      Count, your own exit is more likely to be perpendicular than
true -      cloth seen by young McCarthy. If that were true the murderer must
true -      being found which could incriminate him. There were, it is true, some
true -      "Yes, sir, it is true," said he.
rose -      it had died away into the silence from which it rose.
way -      last word to you is, go your own way and let me go mine. Good-bye!'
camps -      of murdered immigrants and rifled camps in regions where Indians had
glass -      discolored metal and several dull-colored pieces of pebble or glass.
press -      "What a providential thing that this young man should press his right
wall -      glanced up at the wall, and of course your meaning was obvious. You
america -      from America. As to what it was he feared, we can only deduce that by
reach -      with his wooden leg, is utterly unable to reach the lofty room of
surrey -      Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey."
british -      when, one morning in June, as I sat reading the British Medical
hilton -      the past, for it is very painful to me. If you take me, Hilton, you
station -      and both he and Mr. Sholto had been marched off to the station. Two
more -      "Nearly ten weeks ago--to be more accurate, on the twenty-third of
lock -      thought I took it with me lest he should lock himself in. Mrs. Hudson
well -      "All right," said Jones with a stare and a snigger. "Well, would you
sound -      upon the right side. At the sound of his strident, angry cries there
surrey -      miles through the lovely Surrey lanes. It was a perfect day, with a
old -      being suspected. There I parted from my old pals and determined to
douglas -      occurred to me. Then I heard the step of Mrs. Douglas, and I could
glass -      the pane. Through the fogged glass I dimly saw a man spring up from a
heads -      familiar to me. There are three who may be said to be the heads of
tone -      it?' He spoke in a jesting tone, but there was no jest in his eyes as
staunton -      didn't know Godfrey Staunton, the crack three-quarter, Cambridge,
sound -      not a very sound sleeper, and since I have been on guard in this
river -      "He might have bought some at a wharf down the river."
home -      commissions to perform, and that he would bring his little boy home a
london -      obtained huge sums of money from the leading London merchants.
clatter -      hung at a dreadful angle to his body, and the clatter of his heels
how -      "It is extraordinary how credulous the peasants are about here! Any
lane -      "Wordsworth Road," said my companion. "Priory Road. Lark Hall Lane.
moor -      experiences upon the moor.
more -      some we could name, it's more than I'd expect. I guess you are new to
charles -      "So much for the death of Sir Charles Baskerville. You perceive the
trevor -      I was laid by the heels for ten days, but Trevor used to come in to
middle -      early this morning in the middle of a restless night. It was before I
raise -      in smooth waters, but if you persist in this marriage you will raise
stone -      carry my stone to Kilburn. There was a little shed in the yard, and
guide -      patches everywhere into which one may sink and with no guide to point
lane -      whose huge 100-horse-power Benz car was blocking the country lane as
rode -      and empty saddle. Then the revellers rode close together, for a great
sussex -      Sussex breed--a breed which covers much good sense under a heavy,
old -      furniture is from my old home, and it is, as you see, very good, so
lady -      At Baden the track was not difficult to follow. Lady Frances had
high -      careful to the verge of foppishness, with high collar, black
well -      "Yes, I think I can. Well, you shall hear from me to-morrow." He
more -      lethargy which was even more painful than his violence of the morning
well -      "Well, Holmes," said Athelney Jones, "You are a man to be humored,
hope -      weather-stained. But no heroes, returning from a forlorn hope, could
reading -      "So much for the Daily Chronicle," said Holmes as I finished reading.
walls -      round and the panelling of the walls were of brown, worm-eaten oak,
touch -      touch him. As to his character, he was reliable on duty, but a wild,
well -      "Well, I shouldn't be surprised, Holmes. I shouldn't be surprised if
how -      to lead him back to King's Pyland, and how the devil had shown him
old -      gave it a few days ago to old Barnes, what keeps the Green Dragon,
field -      however, was leaning against the railings which bordered our field
real -      strong reason for covering the real criminal, and that we must
town -      the town. Scanlan, his original acquaintance aboard the train, had
north -      undertook on behalf of the North at the time of the Civil War, for I
mere -      "It is mere chance," said he, "that several of the students were not
brougham -      proved disappointing. The daily appearance of a brougham and pair
willoughby -      not only the lamentable death of young Willoughby Smith, but also
reach -      my reach. With this intention, I called a cab and drove out to my
haven -      "You haven't seen about Baker Street, then?"
point -      to carelessness or it may point to agitation and hurry upon the part
croydon -      limited education and unacquainted with the town of Croydon. So far,
tower -      "To the Tower. Tell them to stop opposite Jacobson's Yard."
well -      "Well, I did what she said, Mr. Holmes, and I carried the bird all
clatter -      and restrained him. Before he could escape from her, the clatter of
charles -      "'These are coins of Charles the First,' said he, holding out the few
london -      office or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station,
way -      "Does he always guard the premises in this way?" asked Holmes.
how -      "How long did she speak to this Alice?"
london -      will be as safe in Devonshire as in London. He comes in fifty
mortimer -      "Halloa!" cried Dr. Mortimer, "what is this?"
salt -      filled with rough salt of the quality used for preserving hides and
grey -      grey eyes looked up at us. An instant later the man had scrambled on
true -      place-kick, it's true, but, then, he has no judgment, and he can't
way -      past life, but always in such a way as to make himself out to be an
well -      "Well, well, two of you came over. His reverence is our own home-made
well -      thieves were well acquainted with the house, for Mr. Jones's
weald -      Birlstone Ridge over the Weald are very remarkable. No doubt lunch
catch -      had got a start, however, and before I could catch her the mischief
more -      "To tell the truth, it has," I said. "I ought to be more
water -      supply of food and water were within, together with a number of books
ross -      "Boscombe Valley is a country district not very far from Ross, in
well -      and spread of the red-heads as well as for their maintenance. It is
well -      12th. Visited Paramore. All well.
brunton -      it to my mind,' he answered, 'Brunton did ask me about the height of
emsworth -      tap on my shoulder, and there was Colonel Emsworth beside me.
march -      It was upon the 4th of March, as I have good reason to remember, that
norwood -      It was from Norwood, and ran as follows:
well -      well," said Holmes. "Kindly summon your men, and I will try."
wash -      wash linen of the sort in public. It was quite against my wishes that
woolwich -      age, unmarried, and a clerk at Woolwich Arsenal."
lordship -      His Lordship shook himself free with some impatience.
how -      What beats me is how they could have done so mad a thing, knowing
river -      down at Rotherhithe, in an alley near the river, and he has brought
carey -      Peter Carey, and there's all the difference. Maybe you don't believe
way -      Barrymores. This also you cleared up in a very effective way, though
how -      enough. It gave me a kind of savage joy when I thought how Sarah
factory -      factory. Then I am your elder, and am higher in the Church."
reach -      reach it to-night. I need not say that we don't want to see you, Mr.
liverpool -      of him afterwards. I telegraphed to Liverpool, giving a description
well -      family honour more highly than I do. She knows it well, and she knew
street -      engineer, 16A, Victoria Street (3rd floor)." That was the name,
eye -      the glint of your eye, though. You didn't get away from us so easily,
mason -      "I thought you would say so, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason in great
well -      "Well, I will tell you," he said. "Why should I not? And yet I hate
turn -      inexplicable, and the recent turn which it has taken is so elaborate,
street -      Mortimer to Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the
acton -      queer lot of things which he took from Acton's--what was it?--a ball
way -      persuade myself that he had gone out of his way to meet it. The
athelney -      black depression of the preceding days. Athelney Jones proved to be a
loose -      loose. The man turned and was struck down. The woman conceived the
how -      hardly explain to you how interested I am in this matter."
river -      which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge.
how -      window, and looked out. How quiet and sweet and wholesome the garden
nook -      were sitting about and reading papers, each in his own little nook.
park -      duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park
way -      which had a way of wandering into unlikely positions, and of turning
cross -      Finally he drove round to the Charing Cross telegraph office, sent
quarter -      "'We were returning from the Watt Street Mission about a quarter to
america -      desolate corner of the United States of America.
more -      once more at our Strand restaurant. He shrugged his shoulders when I
reach -      it shall reach me wherever I am."
street -      Agar, of Harley Street, whose dramatic introduction to Holmes I may
county -      half-timbered cottages on the northern border of the county of
began -      the colour began to come back to his bloodless cheeks.
sound -      worrying sound which it was dreadful to listen to. An elderly man
how -      "My dear Watson, you know how bored I have been since we locked up
well -      mouth and a delicately rounded chin. I could well conceive that she
edgeware -      turned down one of the quiet streets which lead towards the Edgeware
lead -      trails which lead to various mines. The strangers took that which led
oxshott -      Lord Harringby, The Dingle; Sir George Ffolliott, Oxshott Towers; Mr.
mere -      from the Commercial Road and signed "A. Dorak." They were mere
moor -      dreary curves of the moor, with thin, silver veins upon the sides of
baldwin -      Baldwin. He says he must see you this very minute."
well -      "Well, sir, I think it would hardly interest them. It was just the
high -      jerky little fellow, with his high, shining head, puffed uneasily in
central -      column of drawers with a central small cupboard between them. The
water -      of it our water gave out, and it was a question whether we could
read -      "'Put the papers on the sundial,' I read, peeping over his shoulder.
home -      begged him to remain at home, as she could hear the rain pattering
more -      elemental forces all London was no more than the molehills that dot
hill -      curving path which winds over the shoulder of the hill and leads to
quick -      was a fine tall woman, black and quick and fierce, with a proud way
south -      bitter end. Faces to the south, then, and quick march!"
sound -      There was a sound upon the stairs, and our door was opened to admit
brixton -      Rose Spender by name, whom we found in the Brixton Workhouse
steps -      always secure me from any steps which he might take in the future. I
how -      "How are you?" he said cordially, gripping my hand with a strength
church -      Friday. Was it to be in church?"
how -      of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour. How
douglas -      Mrs. Douglas's face lit with a quick smile. "Can a husband ever carry
how -      madman? That was how I killed him. Was I wrong? Well, then, what
openshaw -      Colonel Openshaw. For the rest, there was nothing of much importance
stove -      kettle upon the stove rose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white
white -      He lay upon his back, his face upturned, with his white teeth
mason -      give us a lead, since you say Mr. White Mason's theory is
college -      when he was at college; for having read De Quincey's description of
court -      The verdict was greeted with loud applause by a court in which
old -      "To the best of my belief there were only the old butler and his
street -      from him until we were in New Street.
start -      you to start upon your work knowing it, too. Never let yourself doubt
stone -      against a stone sarcophagus.
hope -      as I could still cling to the hope that I had his love, but now I
way -      should have its way in everything.
way -      you the road. I'm passing Shafter's on the way to my own shack."
lady -      Mr. and Mrs. Francis Hay Moulton. The lady, I think, you have already
shipping -      shining brightly, and below, the lights of the shipping glimmered in
pocket -      he do with it? Thrust it into his pocket, most likely, never noticing
shaftesbury -      Shaftesbury Avenue.  We had come out upon Oxford Street and I had
street -      arrived at Baker Street late in the evening with a cut lip and a
white -      his head girt with bloody bandages, his face drawn and white, stood
well -      with his knife, and attached the fuse. When it was well alight he and
rose -      there rose in the distance a gray, melancholy hill, with a strange
hope -      "You might tell them at Briarbrae that I hope to be back to-morrow
stand -      "'You stand fast?'
high -      famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable, one mile on the farther
emsworth -      Godfrey Emsworth standing before me."
mere -      up. My brother and I used to think this a mere whim of my father's,
more -      well, he excites my curiosity, and I must really know more before I
loose -      down-stairs, loose the dog, and look out for Blondin."
steel -      fastened five long steel nails, the points outward, with just such a
old -      many of them adorned with the griffin and coronet of this old family
athelney -      He shuffled towards the door, but Athelney Jones got in front of him.
old -      "I wonder that my very simple stratagem could deceive so old a
lady -      conduct to Lady Beatrice!"
wilson -      shambles. Wilson and eight others were wriggling on the top of each
acton -      "Yes, we've had a scare in this part lately. Old Acton, who is one of
cabin -      cabin'--a few hundred yards from his house, and it was here that he
ridge -      very slowly along the ridge. I lost sight of him behind a stack of
wooden -      very centre of his wooden mantelpiece, then I begin to give myself
well -      "Well, well, we won't argue about that," said the police officer
how -      "How does she live?"
street -      adhering to your instep. Just opposite the Seymour Street Office they
star -      equinoctial gales that year. We waited long for news of the Lone Star
more -      the simultaneous discharge more destructive.
burn -      "Why should the tramp burn the body?"
simpson -      beyond the arrest of young Fitzroy Simpson nothing had been done, I
farnham -      hard as you can ride to Farnham." He scribbled a few words upon a
more -      "Selden told me of him, sir, a week ago or more. He's in hiding, too,
stair -      the stair, and a few minutes after I found, rather, I confess, to my
county -      "At my suggestion a couple of the county police were summoned to be
how -      hocus-pocus,--a blind, as like as not. The only question is, how did
more -      more confidently than I."
sandy -      at me from under tufted and sandy brows. A high bald head had a small
how -      to find the way of Nature rather than of art. How any decent woman
ripe -      the Second Stain" should be published when the times were ripe, and
read -      "It is fortunate, for you will perhaps be able to post me up. I read
reading -      Oxfordshire, and within seven miles of Reading. There is a train from
sudden -      moment, however, I was too much concerned at the sudden illness of my
well -      "'"Well, where d'ye suppose the balance is?" he asked.
link -      "It was the first link in my chain of reasoning. Powdered opium is by
saints -      saints have never flourished in those parts, but there was in him a
hill -      house. You will find me beside the flagstaff upon Miller Hill. If you
more -      attack and defence more than neutralized the efforts of a heavy and
way -      in any way upon this lady's honour"--his eyes blazed for an instant,
liverpool -      Cunard boat Ruritania, starting from Liverpool on Friday, was the
began -      reach of the hound and began to provoke it in every possible way. He
quarter -      as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley
way -      led the way down the passage. "I am compelled to be a
how -      "And how did you verify them?"
york -      Railroad or the General Iron, who have their directors in New York or
pocket -      and then I pocket my fee."
well -      "Well, have you solved it?" I asked as I entered.
grey -      movement upon the dull, grey earth--above all, there is absolute
steel -      done. The smoke and shouting were enough to shake nerves of steel.
well -      "Well, I'll let you know what I think when I have seen more," said
how -      "How did the burglar know no one would hear it? How dared he pull at
heights -      an Asteroid, a book which ascends to such rarefied heights of pure
bean -      scintillating blue stone, rather smaller than a bean in size, but of
read -      had returned. Holmes read it and was about to place it in his
flash -      answered, with a suspicious flash of a pair of cunning eyes.
catch -      catch the most fleeting glance of the front of the house. The instant
how -      "That was how Enoch Drebber came to his end. All I had to do then was
more -      "I am afraid that there are no more tracks," said the Inspector. "I
friendly -      you a word of friendly warning."
london -      the Monday night, and that he went to London by the 8.15 to London
more -      "I thank your Majesty. Then there is no more to be done in the
gang -      mine, the murderous gang had vanished in the mists of morning,
musgrave -      "'How has all gone with you Musgrave?' I asked, after we had
devonshire -      Street. Since the tragic upshot of our visit to Devonshire he had
old -      flash of light. A silver-and-brilliant pendant of old Spanish design
more -      Morrison, but more than ever convinced that the young lady held the
market -      which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little
well -      "Well, what do you make of it?"
way -      business, William. Kindly leave me to manage it in my own way. By all
wish -      the fireplace. "I only wish that you could come with me, Watson, but
marl -      There was clay or soft marl mixed with the chalk, and every here and
point -      the house with the intention of clearing up this point. I was about
water -      the water when McPherson saw it, and that this phrase was the only
more -      the country is more deserted there."
harker -      "To murder. Mr. Harker, will you tell these gentlemen exactly what
park -      her own house. 'I shall drive out in the park at five as usual,' she
heath -      heath, all gold and bronze with the fading ferns, brought us to a
wheel -      scissors-grinder with his wheel, two guardsmen who were flirting with
well -      "Well, Watson, it's as well we have not to turn out to-night," said
way -      inexplicable way to have seen. I did not tell him how urgent the
box -      "A box by chance?"
link -      us the last link that we wanted. I must congratulate you on coming
well -      "Well, first of all, you have only to look at him. I don't believe he
point -      several interesting alternatives. But the practical point which we
norwood -      unless some lucky chance comes our way I fear that the Norwood
old -      The old place on the beach just after sunset on Tuesday. It is the
lady -      "The vanishing of the lady."
birmingham -      sent me from London to Birmingham? Why had he got there before me?
street -      A telegram was awaiting us when we reached our Baker Street rooms,
darwin -      what Darwin says about music? He claims that the power of producing
gang -      were seven of us in a gang in Chicago, and Elsie's father was the
reach -      Deptford Reach, and up again after rounding the Isle of Dogs. The
well -      friends o' yours, and yet no friends o' the master's. He pays me well
more -      I saw that it was more than a stain. It was the well-marked print of
how -      for our whereabouts. You can imagine how excited we were, for we
way -      way of doing it."
well -      itself to concealment, which is as well, as it is the less likely to
rose -      who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered.
well -      should do well to take it, as I have a chemical analysis of some
way -      There was the case, and of course there was but one way out of it.
box -      commissionaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling
send -      send them. Nothing could be more conclusive. Mrs. Browner's house had
dull -      shouts of some belated party of revellers. A dull wrack was drifting
more -      Not a word more could I draw from him until we were back at the
sheet -      could get the rest of that sheet it is obvious that we should have
well -      well, at least he delivers the goods, to use his own phrase. Besides
way -      way home, and met with courtesy from the representative. No, I could
laid -      were written the initials "J.H.N." and the date "1883." Holmes laid
more -      brought Murcher and two more to the spot."
paris -      could find them. It is likely that we should have gone on to Paris
colony -      the Italian colony. He had once been a skilful sculptor and had
scott -      foundered. The transport ship Gloria Scott was set down by the
tor -      two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire. Then fourteen miles
frame -      fire, the drooping figure expanded.  The next the whole frame
start -      start with.'
thurston -      told me four weeks ago that Thurston had an option on some South
stand -      and came in by the first train to Waterloo. Sir, I can stand this
station -      station. On sending in our cards we were shown into an elegantly
town -      get the 12.22 to town. The road from Chiltern Grange is a lonely one,
station -      it, sticking up a station from time to time, or stopping the wagons
sheet -      all we could make of it. 'He fires a sheet of this off every day,'
wish -      get rid of your boarders when you wish.'
twenty -      afterwards escaped by the window. The drop was at least twenty feet,
belmont -      It tended down towards the river-side, running through Belmont Place
point -      itself upon your mind. At this point I agreed with you that it was
moor -      disappearance of his little spaniel. It had wandered on to the moor
hill -      his shoulder, toiling slowly up the hill. When he reached the crest I
prospect -      no sign of elation at the prospect. On the contrary, she gave a toss
high -      about harpooners and high wages, so I went to the shipping agents,
hook -      were lying on the floor, and from a hook behind the door, with his
carlton -      It was from the Carlton Club and dated the evening before. This is
street -      a burr, go where he might.  We shall find him in Hudson Street
water -      his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach.
wish -      "'I wish to the Lord, Mr. Wilson, that I was a red-headed man.'
send -      you were particular that I should send some description of the people
more -      more suggestive of danger than his hot-headed outburst.
rose -      ankles. He rose and stretched his legs, as though to assure himself
hound -      enormous coal-black hound, but not such a hound as mortal eyes have
wilson -      "'This is Mr. Jabez Wilson,' said my assistant, 'and he is willing to
charles -      Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months
true -      have had our differences, but you have said the true word to-night."
hurlingham -      played polo at Hurlingham, but then this Prague affair got noised
quarter -      the alarm was given would be a quarter to eleven. I have no doubt
beam -      yellow beam across the gloom of the corridor. We shuffled cautiously
well -      faint, and we nearly had him on our hands as well."
began -      this accursed affair began.
british -      yourself, sir; here's British Birds, and Catullus, and The Holy
lover -      van. We were near tragedy that night, and soon my lover and I
lane -      van dashed round by Marylebone Lane and was gone in an instant.  I
flush -      eyes shining, her lips parted, a pink flush upon her cheeks, all
high -      "Hardly enough, Mr. Holmes!" the old man cried in a high screaming
more -      his face half round to the company once more, subsided into a
stapleton -      figure was far taller than that of Stapleton, far thinner than that
baldwin -      Brother Baldwin here, and five more. Then I can talk freely of what I
how -      Cubitt know how matters stand, for it is a singular and a dangerous
mark -      present a singular contrast to the colour of his hair, all mark him
lead -      its publication might very easily--I might almost say probably--lead
well -      between two of my boys! It's the devil's own luck! Well, it's the
weeks -      was at his table that I met some weeks ago a young fellow named
mason -      "That's my idea, too," said White Mason.
beam -      in the beam?"
home -      you drove home after the concert I called upon Scotland Yard and upon
aldershot -      impression upon Mrs. Barclay.  If he were still in Aldershot it
row -      row naturally ensued. Simpson beat out the trainer's brains with his
hope -      more for the instant, but before I leave this house I hope I may have
compass -      of opinion. We have boxed the compass among us. Who do you give your
well -      way. He may well have wished his wife out of the road. And these
twenty -      consisted of his wife, his daughter, aged twenty, and two female
charles -      report from Sir Charles Hardy, memorandum from Belgrade, note on the
castor -      against the great danger of taking more than two drops of castor oil,
sound -      walked, up and down, and up and down, until I was weary of the sound
way -      was to do it in such a way as to involve her victim in a fate which
well -      interesting story to tell which may well lead to further developments
high -      us, cursing the while in a high, cracked voice. He was a good-sized,
willoughby -      house. Willoughby Smith had been in his bedroom, which he uses as a
way -      Finally he led the way into the drawing-room with the remark that the
cambridge -      Rugger team of Cambridge 'Varsity, and Godfrey Staunton is my best
brixton -      looking over some houses in the Brixton Road had dropped the key of
reading -      place--within ten miles of Reading. I was fortunate enough to
well -      "Well, my dear fellow, we have already arrived at the conclusion that
arsenal -      arsenal, with burglar-proof doors and windows. Under no conceivable
high -      discreet when one talks of high matters of state. You are right in
more -      whether the playing was simply the result of a whim or fancy was more
douglas -      Douglas, whoever he may be, residing as stated, a rich country
old -      the family. He came of the old masterful Baskerville strain, and was
london -      "No, Mrs. Straker. But Mr. Holmes here has come from London to help
home -      least twenty minutes after he, got home before her?"
sudden -      instant his sudden access of strength departed, and his masterful,
white -      warning or sound, a gash seemed to open and a hand appeared, a white,
way -      may suffer unless some way be found out of this horrible affair."
well -      "Very well, sir. And this stone?"
well -      "Hum! It was a very remarkable performance--very remarkable. Well, I
well -      evergreens in which it had been concealed. It was a well used
british -      "Meaning British prejudice in all its queer manifestations. As an
bedford -      Bedford, and to see for myself how the ground lay. I wrote to the
how -      "Well, well, it's just how you look at it. But if you'll give me six
street -      Street a brick came down from the roof of one of the houses, and was
sudden -      exterior when one saw the sudden change which came over him from the
common -      smoking with you if I thought that you were a common criminal, you
old -      Three centuries had flowed past the old Manor House, centuries of
well -      it, and yet I had to keep a bold and smiling face; for well I knew
well -      I remember the date very well, for it was in the same month that
wish -      taste for aimless conversations. I wish you good-morning."
point -      reconstruct the affair. Look at it from the lion's point of view. He
pinner -      Pinner.
wall -      fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning
well -      police-station. Well, Mr. Holmes, I am very much obliged to you and
more -      were, of course, of the highest importance, but more valuable still
town -      "He cannot leave town at present. He has other cases which engage his
sussex -      He was a very bustling and genial person, this Sussex detective. In
how -      and meeting so sad an end. How do I come to be mixed up with the
home -      that bedroom. Pray make yourselves quite at home in my absence. You
sound -      soft sea of sound, until I found myself in dream-land, with the sweet
mark -      comes that mark? No, no; she was placed in the chair after the death
stapleton -      there that Sir Henry made the acquaintance of Miss Stapleton. From
liverpool -      "And here at my elbow is another portrait, taken at Liverpool, of
common -      "It does seem to be a little out of the common," he remarked, calmly.
weeks -      three weeks ago. The sum was fifty pounds."
well -      bitter smile. "Well, let us hear about it. What sort of job did you
lyons -      Mrs. Laura Lyons, of equivocal reputation, a long step will have been
way -      way through that and out at the other end. I was fairly at the end of
well -      You won't tell? Dear me, how very unkind of you! Well, well, I dare
eye -      upon the flat leads of the house. Frankland clapped his eye to it and
well -      "This outburst rather astonished me, as you can think. 'Well,' said
pocket -      crone packed it away in her pocket, and shuffled off down the stairs.
rose -      Peruvian lady upstairs. Holmes rose, with that quick curiosity which
how -      else," said he. "At least, we may take counsel how far we can
street -      was surely from the street that the faint sound had come.
began -      alternative, I began by making up my mind to leave the hotel, and to
keeping -      it is cut and marked all over from the habit of keeping other hard
glass -      "May I offer you a glass before your journey?"
well -      of places. The half-panelled walls may well have belonged to the
kingston -      Johnson his instructions I took a cab out to Kingston and found the
way -      "He made his way to Woking by the first train, and having examined
moor -      him on the moor, and that if he would come back into the wood at
steel -      excellent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into
whitehall -      "I have the cabman who took you to Whitehall and the cabman who
clanking -      clanking of the levers drowned my cries. The ceiling was only a foot
old -      "I fancy old Frankland allows her a pittance, but it cannot be more,
hardest -      And let me say to you, first, that which it is hardest for me to say
old -      It was already dark when we reached the old University city. Holmes
town -      of the express from town. "I shall soon be in the position of being
hope -      unexpected ones come to light I do not see what my client can hope
london -      London he had received them.
how -      and I could not see how that murderer could be punished without ruin
way -      the way, and we shall soon see the end of this black business."
stone -      announced the arrival of an enormous young man, sixteen stone of
white -      White Mason, I wish to give you a very earnest piece of advice. When
turn -      that you step right out of the case now and that you turn all your
more -      explained. "They can count on us saying no more than we should. You
weeks -      alone, and never after nightfall. During two weeks I drove behind
home -      a beggar. For seven hours I plied my trade, and when I returned home
steps -      A sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouching among
touch -      "A touch, Watson--an undeniable touch!" said he. "I feel a foil as
forth -      forth--which it was necessary that I should see and understand. He
hound -      hound, and so on. It is said to be heard at night upon the moor. I
steep -      nightfall, taking their station at the top of a steep hill, where his
well -      well. At the time of the war he fought in Jackson's army, and
richmond -      was three-quarter for Richmond. It is the only personal introduction
began -      my blue ribbon and began to drink again, but I think I should not
well -      "Well, I suppose the burglars got those. Much good may it do them!"
more -      "By no means. I don't think I could rest until I know more of this
damery -      returned the paper. "Do you know anything of this man Damery?"
steps -      devotion. But it may best be shown by taking the necessary steps to
boscombe -                            THE BOSCOMBE VALLEY MYSTERY
comfort -      with every sign not only of comfort but of luxury. Even as we pulled
more -      and more even than pleasure. May I ask how I can help you?"
lead -      Following his lead, we ascended five stories, until we found
lodge -      been begun, McMurdo went on to the lodge. It had already assembled,
more -      myself at the fall of Reichenbach once more.  There was Holmes's
rooms -      rooms during the years that I was with him.
well -      10. Plays the violin well.
lee -      heels of these two famous cases came the tragedy of Woodman's Lee,
worth -      outside had occurred to you, would it really have seemed worth doing
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, from the moment that I understood that there was
glass -      she was about to faint. She rallied however, on drinking a glass of
oldacre -      Mr. Oldacre had told me that he would like me to have supper with him
street -      night watching the house in Godolphin Street.
village -      were to shout for help as we pass through the village--"
way -      word to Mrs. Saunders it would be quite in order. By the way, who is
park -      were the circumstances of the Park Lane Mystery, which were further
more -      "Maybe we'll see more of you before very long," said one of the
stair -      to bar the door. I heard him come up the stair after midnight."
more -      I have watched the fellow more than once before ever I thought of
north -      "Return ticket from Mackleton, in the North of England," said Holmes,
start -      four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to start for Forest Row in a
well -      as black as a tinker's. Well, when once his case has been settled, he
spring -      early spring of that year we found ourselves together in a small
york -      heels we can see if New York can't help us to keep him. I'll take the
well -      "It is true. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station!
beach -      the very place"! Why should this lonely beach be fatal to it? Was it
more -      There is surely nothing in life more painful than to meet the wreck
middle -      square of cardboard hammered on to the middle of the panel with a
coat -      into the pockets to make sure of the coat's sinking. He throws it
how -      were there. How did he know?
field -      there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of
stapleton -      Stapleton was the cause of the interruption. He was running wildly
woodhouse -      "Suppose that I were Brooks or Woodhouse, or any of the fifty men who
london -      were on our way to London, but not before he had given our benefactor
well -      you see nothing remarkable! Well, well, let it pass. Perhaps when a
mortimer -      Mortimer, I think you could not do better than to tell your story as
success -      in the country has been a distinct success, and I shall certainly
coat -      pushed himself up on one arm and swung his coat from his shoulders.
selden -      "Selden told me of him, sir, a week ago or more. He's in hiding, too,
station -      walk of the Weald Station. I believe that my late husband, Mortimer
wells -      life," said he. "Some touch of the artist wells up within me, and
hook -      one end of it to this great hook in the wall. Then, I think, if you
street -      puckered lids. Then he walked slowly up the street, and then down
raise -      presentment of the great Emperor, which seemed to raise such frantic
white -      from a frame of white hair, and his precious volumes, a dozen of them
how -      details of the crime, and to see how far they would help us. I went
wells -      calling himself Hargrave came to Tunbridge Wells two days ago with
lady -      Something like fear sprang up in the young lady's expressive black
more -      there is no more dangerous man in Europe."
well -      "Well, that is just how it stands," said Holmes. "And now, sir, since
pocket -      in his pocket were the plans of the Bruce-Partington submarine."
city -      rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city. Inspector Gregory
mason -      should strike you--" White Mason looked doubtfully at the amateur.
more -      "It's a police matter, Mr. Holmes!" she cried. "I'll have no more of
old -      "Ah, that is the housekeeper's room. That is where old Mrs. Bernstone
british -      British official have failed to win them over in any degree. They
how -      have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed. Finally, after
moor -      when I heard cries upon the moor. By the way"--his eyes darted again
moor -      "And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any
touch -      pheasant as that. I never knew a Dr. Lysander Starr, of Topeka. Touch
paris -      of footsteps, with some remarks upon the uses of plaster of Paris as
openshaw -      the murderers of John Openshaw were never to receive the orange pips
more -      safety of Lady Frances. I can say no more for the instant. I will
loose -      loose in a thing like that I'd have been a mug to write to you at
way -      "Come into the house," said Holmes, in his crisp, firm way.
rooms -      went up to my London rooms, where I spent seven weeks working out a
old -      knew that he had designs upon the old man, and also of the existence
porlock -      "Porlock, Watson, is a nom-de-plume, a mere identification mark; but
lady -      indeed, that the lady had made an appointment with him."
how -      "How in the world did you deduce that?" I asked.
reigate -      Reigate in Surrey, and had frequently asked me to come down to him
euston -      Euston Station about half-past eight on the evening of the third. At
how -      "Well, well, let us see how he gets on," said my friend,
street -      Baker Street we shall just be in time for breakfast."
wall -      Wilder's bicycle was leaning against the wall beside it. No one was
touch -      thousand five hundred pounds was the amount, but I can only touch the
pill -      handkerchief. From that day I had always my pill boxes about with me,
well -      "Well, Watson," said he, "it is time we went down to St. Luke's. Can
law -      officer of the law to allow no chance to slip. But there is some one
gale -      windows. Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth
well -      Well, I won't read it verbatim, since you feel so strongly upon the
remedy -      himself to be aware of it and to be trying to remedy it, for a great
more -      when she knew that I thought more of my wife's footmark in the mud
stapleton -      "It is possible that Stapleton did not know of the existence of an
boscombe -      "From Hatherley Farm-house to the Boscombe Pool is a quarter of a
folly -      Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a
old -      heavily-lintelled door, in the centre of this old part, is chiseled
east -      prosperity of old East Anglia. At last the violet rim of the German
old -      unexpectedly independent. She would not endeavour to entangle the old
fitzroy -      "I know already that Fitzroy is dead," she said. "Do not be afraid to
mark -      leave his mark for good or evil upon any society to which he was
sutherland -      Sutherland?"
more -      something more than mere theory and preaching now, though. It is a
hill -      among the boulders upon the side of a distant hill. We ran and ran
well -      good Altamont all will be well to-night."
how -      listen, and then I will tell you how I will act."
eye -      with the steady, well-opened eye of a man whose pleasant lot it had
more -      explanation until a more fitting time."
old -      knew that the old man's heart was weak and that a shock would kill
middle -      A red square of light had sprung out of the darkness. In the middle
white -      piece of white paper folded up out of his waistcoat pocket. 'See that
rock -      candle from over the rock--the face of Selden, the criminal.
walls -      night. The walls were carefully sounded, and were shown to be quite
acton -      "Excellent!" cried Mr. Acton.
how -      life. I'll tell you first how I came to be in his power.
street -      two theatre-goers homeward bound. In Oxford Street we picked up a
press -      dreadful, shimmering head, but it was useless to press the trigger.
way -      when it has been answered we shall surely have gone some way to solve
shell -      boilers were strained to their utmost, and the frail shell vibrated
water -      wine glass, in which is a teaspoonful of water. You perceive that our
bridge -      rope was there as a bridge for something passing through the hole and
well -      disappearance of Openshaw from America with their papers. It may well
reading -      sitting reading in the chair. I don't know what made me look up, but
old -      old homesteads?"
well -      "'Ah, indeed!' I answered. 'Well now, I think that really should give
home -      lad; he had followed him home from the club; he had shot him through
london -      "I fear that Watson and I must go to London."
baldwin -      "It's a friend of mine, Mr. Baldwin, a new boarder here. Mr. McMurdo,
halfway -      Holmes sat up at attention, his pipe halfway to his lips.
cheap -      "Because he was handy and would come cheap."
twenty -      "For twenty minutes I had sat motionless, thinking the matter out.
well -      "Well, now--so it is!"
western -      Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey."
touch -      "'Have you kept in touch with the market while you have been out of
grey -      an Australian from Ballarat with a grey cloak."
street -      Baker Street.' That is clear and concise."
coast -      had thought she would founder, and had made for the Norwegian coast
wall -      the inn. The bicycle still leaned against the wall. Holmes struck a
westbury -      the Westbury House festivities, is an only child, and it is currently
london -      yearned during the long years spent amid the gloom of London. At this
laid -      accustomed to my late habits that my place had not been laid nor my
crook -      "It would puzzle any crook to force that safe," Von Bork answered.
lady -      from the station, and there we found the young lady waiting for us.
white -      wooden-legged man,--a white man, mark you, for he mistakes a white
way -      believe. By the way, in view of recent occurrences, perhaps I ought
lodge -      organization was wider and more complex than the simple lodge. Even
green -      Watson? You may address us in future at the Green Dragon. We should
send -      "Because she has said that she would send it on the day when the
more -      your time and patience any more." With a last word of caution that he
london -      to convey these papers to London. He would naturally have made an
way -      finds himself in a bad way. He determines to swindle his creditors,
anderson -      facts connected with the loss of the British barque "Sophy Anderson",
aldershot -      has been stationed at Aldershot for some years.  The married officers
station -      where we hired a trap at the station inn and drove for four or five
chapel -      Street Chapel for the purpose of supplying the poor with cast-off
link -      "I have almost every link in my hands, and all the proofs which I
white -      stood out on one of the white, round limbs. She hastily covered it.
stand -      stand for in this community. I will make the announcement later.
horsham -      "I shall see you at Horsham, then?"
beryl -      He married Beryl Garcia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and,
weeks -      had started thither in their company. This was just three weeks
ball -      old-fashioned brass key, a peg of wood with a ball of string attached
well -      "Well, I am."
well -      "Well, gentlemen, I weary you with my long story, and I know that my
milverton -      Milverton laughed, but fear vibrated in his voice. "You were so very
prendergast -      Prendergast. He bellowed like a bull and rushed for the door with all
douglas -      House. I did not see either Barker or Mrs. Douglas. I saw no
sandy -      hands and his great sandy eyebrows bunched into a yellow tangle.
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins, a young police inspector for whose future Holmes had
rise -      day justice will be done; that is as certain as the rise of
point -      point of view that what this young man says is true, and we shall see
guide -      Our guide cried aloud in his astonishment and dismay. "Good gracious,
rooms -      made the inspector realise that the matter was serious. The rooms
stone -      none too much. He can lag us over this stone."
devonshire -      "On the contrary, I have been to Devonshire."
green -      Ocean appeared over the green edge of the Norfolk coast, and the
city -      Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea
wing -      the bedrooms opened. My own was in the same wing as Baskerville's and
evergreens -      McMurdo strolled up the winding path hedged in with evergreens until
lady -      she had seen him seize the lady's wrist with great violence on the
green -      of the undertaker's wife, as reported by Philip Green. She had said,
spring -      saw a sudden light spring up among the trees as the lamp was lit in
way -      glass gave way before him; but before he got quite through, Gregson,
old -      old trick of stepping in at one door of a four-wheeler and out at the
brunton -      her at night. On the third night after Brunton's disappearance, the
blacker -      vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the
milverton -      vigil of Milverton. There was the gentle rustle of a woman's dress. I
scotland -      pattern at Scotland Yard?" he continued, taking a pair of steel
stone -      "Among the old houses on the hillside--the stone huts where the old
more -      would be more capable of carrying it out. "He'll be the boy for the
point -      official, "I don't know what your British point of view may be, but I
how -      "How long have you been here, doctor?"
turn -      Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these
ashes -      was a mass of black, fluffy ashes, as of burned paper, while the
river -      it and cross the river.
kensington -      purchased my small Kensington practice, and given with astonishingly
coombe -      "Immediately after breakfast. We will drive in to Coombe Tracey, but
shelf -      biographies from the shelf."
success -      our ill success to the ladies, and on my return I found Holmes
stanley -      to Stanley Hopkins.
village -      It was on the third of May that we reached the little village of
quarter -      least a quarter of an hour's delay at the boat.  He will catch us
boscombe -      in the direction of the Boscombe Pool, with the intention of visiting
lady -      "No; a client. It seems that a young lady has arrived in a
well -      "Well, to tell the truth, I saw then the first signs that I had ever
laid -      he laid his strange story before us.
well -      "It is less than two feet long. It could very well have fitted into
beech -      young beech. Where the two walls joined, several bricks had been
stout -      "He is of stout heart," said the voice. "Can you bear pain?"
bridge -      saw him once more at London Bridge, and then I lost him in the crowd.
lady -      yellow-curtained drawing-room, and there was the lady awaiting us,
more -      "Mine stands well back from the road and is more private than most.
cabin -      "'The state-room was next the cabin, and we flocked in there and
how -      "I think I have known how to frame the letter," said Sherlock Holmes.
edge -      composed, and the finely moulded hand which she rested upon the edge
london -      Holmes when we were back in the roar of central London once more. "I
lady -      "Now, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said the lady as we entered a well-lit
point -      "Ah, there's the point! Fortunately, it has not come out. The press
mason -      Dolores, and Mrs. Mason. That is all."
paddington -      Paddington which would bring you there at about 11.15.'
mere -      excited--"was this a mere addition to the first, or did it appear to
london -      "Very likely not.  There are many men in London, you know, who, some
seal -      was a most daring and successful seal and whale fisher. In 1883 he
march -      "One day--it was in March, 1883--a letter with a foreign stamp lay
glass -      after the second glass was filled the bottle was violently agitated,
rose -      which rose almost to the dignity of being a hotel. "Jack McGinty is
green -      confronted with this green and gold monster, the dragon which held in
heads -      heads advanced, and our chins upon our hands, while the strange,
wing -      the spring. Two days ago some repairs were started in the west wing
lover -      came the smash, and she stayed on to nurse her lover, while brother
rooms -      had all gone to their rooms with the exception of Ames, who was in
stout -      all these stout, little men who do themselves well, he is a plethoric
point -      Lady Frances seemed to have passed the last point of recall. And
lady -      "Well, just bear in mind, Steve, that the lady in that house, and
read -      which is forever hanging over me, then I should wish you to read
moor -      "By the time that you discovered me upon the moor I had a complete
london -      "Then go to London and test your conclusions."
town -      we shall all three set off for town together."
rooms -      consider the thing as settled--that is, if the rooms are agreeable to
sudden -      disease, or any sudden natural cause, never by any chance exhibit
lady -      "One is enough, Lady Hilda. I know of your visit to Eduardo Lucas, of
moor -      fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor. One,
twenty -      powder, and twenty slugs. Two of the warders were agents of
rooms -      "If you can call upon me at my Baker Street rooms to-morrow morning
old -      the grounds of Yoxley Old Place. At the same time, the gate of the
stone -      Gothic arched door led to a worn stone staircase. On the ground floor
london -      Aldgate Station on the Underground system in London."
wish -      "My own hobby has always been nervous disease. I should wish to make
kent -      "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent,
mortimer -      you, Dr. Mortimer, for introducing me to a problem which presents
lady -      later he and I were back in the front room, where the impassive lady
british -      "'And British Broken Hills?'
well -      "Well, it corroborates the young man's story to the extent that the
more -      that I have not been able to bring your Majesty's business to a more
stand -      but it would seem the height of selfishness if he were to stand in
pocket -      find them in the pocket of a dead junior clerk in the heart of
sound -      else, and no sound could alarm those who are in the farther wing.
mexborough -      took her to London with him. They lodged, I find, at the Mexborough
rose -      thought. Now he rose and rang the bell. "Ames," he said, when the
well -      "Well, I have read something, it is true; but I had thought it was a
pocket -      his pocket.
portico -      foundation and ending in a Victorian portico. Inside it was all
wall -      weak go to the wall. I played the game for all it was worth. I never
valley -      some real valley in which he had lived and in which something
real -      hand and foot.  But the real blow was to my heart and not to my head,
guide -      "A rude fellow," said our guide, flushing with anger as we withdrew
norwood -      with Miss Morstan, and it only remains for us to drive out to Norwood
charles -      "Look at Sir Charles's death! That was bad enough, for all that the
fleet -      night. I am reckoned fleet of foot, but he outpaced me as much as I
cross -      five, conducted my investigation, was back at Charing Cross by the
pocket -      your pocket at the beginning of our interview."
way -      Watson, we will get upon our way."
wall -      hand. Miss Hunter screamed and shrunk against the wall at the sight
fleet -      Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street."
way -      the way of anything of the sort. And now, Watson, this is too serious
lady -      "Exactly. One would have expected that they would have silenced Lady
turn -      There was no rest for me, no peace, no forgetfulness; turn where I
more -      and it was hard to see more than a stone-cast. A deep moat lay in
way -      We got off, paid our fare, and the trap rattled back on its way to
well -      "Well, gentlemen," said my friend gravely, "I am asking you now to
lady -      The lady looked quickly up with an angry gleam in her hazel eyes.
sea -      "Next time I came back from sea I heard of her marriage. Well, why
spring -      the pane. Through the fogged glass I dimly saw a man spring up from a
lady -      lady, who looked at him with wide-eyed amazement.
hole -      "He came through the hole in the roof," I cried.
dull -      away in a dull murmur in the far distance. With a cracking of whips
high -      led to high words and almost to blows, for my father was a man of a
dunbar -      short note from Miss Dunbar was clutched in her left hand."
real -      "The real source," said Holmes, "lies, of course, in that untimely
vicarage -      Vicarage."
station -      me, and it was well he did so, for I had a fit in the station, and
how -      must understand to the last detail how the matter stands. I realize
charles -      hound does not bite a dead body and that Sir Charles was dead before
how -      he. "How do you define the word 'grotesque'?"
scotland -      down and have a word with friend Lestrade at Scotland Yard."
shoscombe -      "Well, I should say so. He lives at Shoscombe Old Place, and I know
lock -      in a lock, and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise
gilmerton -      "They were all bought by the West Gilmerton General Mining Company."
more -      but the laws were more harshly administered thirty years ago than
point -      us look at it from his point of view. He comes to England with the
town -      interested in several companies and went into town as a rule in the
ross -      Wednesday brought before the magistrates at Ross, who have referred
court -      of small streets which lie at the back of Tottenham Court Road. The
old -      old seat once more, for there are several points which I should like
stand -      asked me if I would stand by the bargain. I said I would not. He
knock -      lower quarter of Lambeth. I had to knock for some time at No. 3
read -      "Miss Mary Morstan," he read. "Hum! I have no recollection of the
lodge -      lodge in the coal fields if you can down him."
quick -      been a little quick in forming his conclusions," he said.
ham -      them--East Ham, Leicester, and Liverpool--there is a clear case
musgrave -      me, Musgrave, if I say that your butler appears to me to have been a
white -      animal or human. A double band of white shells were strung round the
way -      fine indeed. Let me see it." He took up the paper in a listless way,
acre -      house, a brick and timber villa, standing in its own acre of
way -      see you off to Birmingham. Coming my way, Mr. Holmes? Well, then,
high -      was some indication of a ledge. The cliff is so high that to climb it
county -      "It depends upon the breed of men quite as much as on the county,"
steps -      steps, and turning round found a woman near me upon the path. She had
law -      We can't let such a situation continue. If the law can do nothing we
piece -      amazement at this ponderous piece of wreckage, which told of some
home -      "For England, home and beauty--eh, Watson? Martyrs on the altar of
how -      "That seems simple enough," said I; "but how about the other man's
pocket -      inner pocket.
rose -      Holmes rose from his chair.
well -      evidence. It is well that this is so, for it is obviously of the
botany -      for, with my strong tastes for botany and zoology, I find an
shipping -      ascertained at the shipping offices that Browner had left aboard of
how -      "Exactly! As far as it goes. How would all that bear upon the visits
pocket -      Holmes took a half-sovereign from his pocket and played with it
common -      his dark eyes showed that they shared a common emotion.
paris -      Paris.  Then, having taken another look round, I returned to my
close -      the room to be a little close.'
birmingham -      every success in your Birmingham journey."
more -      threw himself down into his chair once more. "That fellow will rise
stone -      Every good stone is. They are the devil's pet baits. In the larger
pocket -      would be the stone in my waistcoat pocket. I was leaning against the
deal -      country practitioner who does a great deal of his visiting on foot."
well -      "Well, we can soon determine that. If your friend was going to his
sea -      holiday, and as to my companion, neither the country nor the sea
more -      husband's appearance at the window, he could hardly have been more
well -      I should judge to be of a particularly forgiving disposition. Well,
rise -      something which had given rise to the idea. Then, again, if not
wish -      just burning the life out of me. I wish it had come to any one of you
letters -      "Do you open the boys' letters?"
stone -      The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central
how -      direction. How could I miss seeing the connection of ideas? Those
close -      he first met him, and he kept in close touch with him until he got
wooden -      He had built himself a wooden outhouse--he always called it 'the
shinwell -      "Porky Shinwell has been telling me. He's after some other poor fool
twenty -      Twenty had changed to fifteen and fifteen to ten, but there was no
read -      "Why, of course, that would explain it. Have you read anything else
bold -      clever forecast of coming events, the triumphant vindication of bold
worth -      "'It is not worth your while to wait,' she went on. 'You can pass
woodhouse -      "I used to have a billet at Coxon & Woodhouse's, of Draper's Gardens,
loose -      in. How it had got loose was a mystery. It was conjectured that the
grange -      famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable, one mile on the farther
market -      goose into the open market? Tell us the truth, for there lies your
reading -      reading. Had it been the Lancet or the British Medical Journal it
athelney -      "Well, Holmes," said Athelney Jones, "You are a man to be humored,
way -      no other way of catching him, we can always bait our line with the
advent -      warning of something coming, the advent of some unspeakable dweller
south -      in the South. Eventually, in the year 1869, the movement rather
pit -      truth, recoil upon the violent, and the schemer falls into the pit
began -      began.
way -      should find their way into the papers. Inspector Bradstreet would, I
wooden -      "Ah, yes, the box. The professor brought back a little wooden box
way -      instincts are one way and all the facts are the other, and I much
sussex -      Sussex.
bare -      grey dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet
how -      the cellar, "I do not know how the bank can thank you or repay you.
kensington -      ventured some remark as to this being a roundabout way to Kensington,
street -      my mind in Baker Street. The idea of a vampire was to me absurd. Such
more -      I have seen this young lady it is very possible that I may be of more
lake -      Jonas Pinto, in the Lake Saloon, Market Street, Chicago, in the New
edge -      moon silvering its upper edge, swept slowly and inexorably on.
basil -      morning.--Basil.' That's my name in those parts. The other is:
village -      away down in the village, and even in the distant parsonage, that cry
tudor -      blood by direct descent, and Tudor on the distaff side. Ha! Well,
oldacre -      Jonas Oldacre. His name was familiar to me, for many years ago my
town -      yards or so, I followed its lights until we were clear of the town.
how -      won't stop for dinner? Well, good-bye, and let us know how you get
well -      have heard of post-hypnotic suggestion, Mr. Holmes? Well, you will
eye -      physical as well as mental, for over one eye rose a hideous,
how -      "My dear fellow, is it possible you do not see how strongly it bears
chase -      the wild chase down the Thames. She listened with parted lips and
well -      be injudicious and offensive. So painful a scandal may well be
croydon -      tried it when I came to Croydon, and we kept on until about two
station -      case! I was at the station when the message arrived. What d'you think
lodge -      here is the lodge, and if you will come up, Colonel, I will show you
warren -      which might give a clue to the person's identity. Now. Mrs. Warren,
how -      How's that, Watson?
well -      up like a wall on that side of us, low, but thick and well defined.
lock -      "In that case," said Holmes, "my suggestion is that we lock this
how -      of sarcasm in his voice as he spoke. "If you will let me know how
street -      florid cheeks told of a life led far from the fogs of Baker Street.
city -      "I have heard him talk of Chicago. He knew that city well and had
bridge -      limbs, while he ran swiftly across the bridge and rang violently at
well -      "Well," said Lestrade, "I've seen you handle a good many cases, Mr.
city -      of Bakers, and some hundreds of Henry Bakers in this city of ours, it
close -      been living unannounced under another name so close to the property?
milverton -                              Charles Augustus Milverton,
heads -      heads than yours or mine," he remarked, and bowing in a stately,
point -      The stonework was gray, but at this one point it showed white for a
tore -      Holmes as he tore out the enclosure.
hope -      unclasped as she spoke--"I will speak frankly to you in the hope that
hope -      even more than I did in the Jefferson Hope Murder. The thing seems to
coat -      "The coat of arms was on the envelope, and it was addressed in the
old -      robust old man, was knocked clean down by it as if it had been the
how -      upon our fears. You will understand now how it was that I strove to
well -      know so well."
way -      Holmes drily. "By the way, I don't suppose you appreciate that we
how -      "Have you formed a theory about how that bell rang?"
charles -      "We were all rather afraid that after the sad death of Sir Charles
green -      The house of the famous official was a fine villa with green lawns
downs -      Gravesend or in the Downs, where no doubt they had already arranged
more -      "He was stanch and true, was little Tonga. No man ever had a more
more -      deserved little enough consideration at his hands. He took the more
coombe -      part at Coombe Tracey, and only used the hut upon the moor when it
point -      been at the Andamans, and they knew each other's game to a point,
cross -      talking at cross purposes," said she.
warren -      in your rooms, Mrs. Warren?"
wish -      "I did not wish her to tell me anything. I only wanted to look at
westminster -      against Lucas. Godolphin Street, Westminster, is only a few minutes'
quarter -      "'A hundred and six and a quarter to a hundred and five and
porlock -      "It is Porlock's writing," said he thoughtfully. "I can hardly doubt
law -      to see the cloud of avenging Law drifting up in that serene sky under
eccles -      clocks it is quite possible that they may have got Scott Eccles to
hope -      "And I hope, also," he continued, sitting down in the rocking-chair,
porlock -      But if it is Porlock, then it must be something of the very first
brixton -      once. First we drove to Brixton Workhoused Infirmary, where we found
town -      streets of the little town, finally returning to the hotel, where I
spring -      crime he is morally guilty of any other crime which may spring from
point -      "There is one other point," said Inspector MacDonald. "You met Mr.
stapleton -      the way for his own death. Stapleton, as I will continue to call him,
well -      "Well, look at this!" He took up a small saucer of milk which stood
gang -      "They have secured the whole gang with the exception of him.  He has
sussex -      "It is in Sussex, south of Horsham."
way -      As we made our way to the hospital after leaving the Holborn,
elm -      the elm had been. The sun was just grazing the top of the oak. I
grange -                The Adventure of the Abbey Grange
avenue -      Shaftesbury Avenue.  We had come out upon Oxford Street and I had
home -      emerged as you see me. Mr. Woodley went home in a cart. So ended my
eccles -      Eccles supply? I see no charm in the man. He is not particulary
lane -      down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was
law -      foremost champion of the law of their generation.  The Swiss youth
laid -      black morocco case which he had laid beside his chair.  'You have
more -      chimneys, but he presently reappeared, and then vanished once more
charles -      Sir Charles was also an admirable companion. We knew him well, and
oxshott -      dead this morning upon Oxshott Common, nearly a mile from his home.
twenty -      he has been with us for twenty years he cannot be more than forty
more -      loosened into a false laugh, which was more menacing than his frown.
dawn -      dawn. I woke him up and told him that the hour had come when he was
more -      think me impertinent if I were to put your theories to a more severe
clouds -      light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting
hayes -      "I am convinced," said I, "that this Reuben Hayes knows all about it.
well -      well served nor well cooked, and the gloomy presence of the taciturn
well -      "You mean well, Watson," said the sick man with something between a
lady -      within. Can we find the lady? Can we save the money? A commonplace
london -      probably return to London by the evening train."
pocket -      his pocket when you appeared.'
lady -      "I am in touch with Miss Dobney, Lady Frances's governess."
woolwich -      something or nothing. Well, Watson, I do not think that Woolwich can
way -      helping his companions through the gap, led the way across the fields
way -      "Whatever they wanted to bring me all the way up here for, and
church -      "Mrs. Barclay was, it appears, a member of the Roman Catholic Church,
hilton -      "That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, Norfolk, is
moor -      a high road. The moor is intersected with paths and the moon was at
how -      up to those who have never earned it? Look how I have earned it!
cove -      at one point where the little cove and village of Fulworth break the
home -      home, pressed down the tiny piston, and sank back into the
street -      "You remember the Baker Street division of the detective police force
town -      do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so
hill -      rise of the road on the shoulder of Crooksbury Hill we could see the
well -      "Well, he went a bit woozy towards the end. It's enough to make a man
london -      London then possessed. But now--" He shrugged his shoulders in
lady -      of her step-daughter, Mlle. Carere, the young lady who, as it will be
old -      "'Tut, you will find that I have not forgotten old times,' cried Mr.
rooms -      upon you in your rooms, how I put up the shutters for fear of
box -      and laid a small heap of things before us. There was a box of vestas,
charles -      Charles for another. I gave a trifle myself. It was to set her up in
coombe -      When I reached Coombe Tracey I told Perkins to put up the horses, and
rooms -      When we returned to Mrs. Warren's rooms, the gloom of a London winter
point -      particular point in Mr. Drebber's former career. He answered, you
piece -      front of us now, he held a piece of chamois leather in his right hand
how -      "How could I have heard of him when you know that I am a stranger in
western -      broader and more Western dialect than any which we had heard from him
lee -      when he liked. That very night he went down to Woodman's Lee, saw
well -      is, as I expected, well known at headquarters, and so are his
frame -      frame some scheme into which all these strange and apparently
bow -                   His Last Bow
eye -      a terrible frown, "See here, Brother Morris, I have my eye on you,
more -      more mysterious than any of those which had driven us from London.
waterloo -      call a cab and drive to Waterloo. I should be very much obliged if
manor -      inhabited wing of Stoke Moran Manor House. At dusk we saw Dr.
moor -      upon the moor." He spoke with a smile, but I seemed to read in his
staple -      by the foul reek of the surrounding swamp. In one of these a staple
county -      "Ralph," he said, "telephone down to the county police and ask the
send -      inspector to send up two constables. Tell him there are burglars in
america -      "Have you heard him speak of anything which occurred in America and
sound -      sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then
quarter -      "There will call upon you to-night, at a quarter to eight o'clock,"
piece -      his lips to tell me to be still. Then I saw him scribble on a piece
walls -      these were the same walls which loomed so gloomily through the fogs
wooden -      wooden stump. You see here on the sill is the boot-mark, a heavy boot
charing -      silent streets on our way to Charing Cross Station. The first faint
law -      intend to have no buttin' in by you. Got that? You ain't the law, and
market -      it's on the market I'll buy it--if it means another penny on the
stair -      whose step I hear now upon the stair. I think, Watson, that it would
wall -      climbed the low wall, two on the lawn, and two very faint ones upon
way -      natural to their class.  But, none the less, my turn that way is in
glass -      wine glass, in which is a teaspoonful of water. You perceive that our
london -      London market. You can imagine our amazement. I spent months in
toller -      Toller in the cellar," said she. "Her husband lies snoring on the
began -      planted halfway down the column. "Here it is. This is what began it
street -      It was nearly midnight, and the street was deserted save for one or
box -      would be a pleasure to my friend here to take the box round to the
how -      could not believe my innocence, how could I hope to make it good
rose -      rose with a very courteous air, and, bowing to us, he passed out
beverley -      Beverley, Earl of Carston'--dear me, what a list! 'Lord Lieutenant of
well -      "And I refuse it. That's our business. Well, so long, Brother Morris,
crook -      till by hook or crook it gets them. If a Pinkerton man is deep in
old -      building the new wing, and the old one was used now as a store-house
box -      which had been in the box; 'you see we were right in fixing our date
sudden -      wielded in a sudden and arbitrary way. Only once did McMurdo see him,
strode -      be seen. With a darkening face my friend strode along the margin,
baldwin -      common cell. Here he found Baldwin and three other criminals of the
street -      smooth and his linen as perfect as if he were in Baker Street.
way -      have gone that way unseen. I have spoken with this policeman
well -      "Well, well, I must not be selfish," said he, with a smile, as he
kent -      down in Kent, seven miles from Chatham and three from the railway
more -      letter, so I took the more notice of it. It was from Coombe Tracey,
stone -      is to get the stone, not you."
send -      "Threatens to send them the photograph. And she will do it. I know
pool -      were to meet at the pool midway between our houses to talk it over.
read -      white lamb, she might well be surprised when she read death on a face
true -      becomes the due of those who have been true to their salt.
home -      home.
way -      midnight, Watson, and I think we may make our way back to our humble
stand -      stand the incessant strain which he was putting upon it. Exposure and
white -      up beside him. "You see the slight smudge of blood upon the white
wish -      "First of all I wish to impress upon you that the boy certainly left
stand -      remains--'Stand by us for God's sake!'--proves that this young man
more -      I was more inclined than ever to my opinion. The thing was too
close -      "Because we have in this case one singular incident coming close to
how -      "I see it, I deduce it. How do I know that you have been getting
how -      Afghanistan to last me for the remainder of my natural existence. How
more -      "It may turn out to be of more interest than you think. You remember
wall -      wall, and fastened at the other with stout cord. The door itself was
gang -      "Yes, Mr. Holmes. The Randall gang were arrested in New York this
how -      "How do they account for it?"
wooden -      "Quick, Watson, quick! Get it back again!" The wooden lid was
kennington -      his hall in the house at Kennington Road, and the other on the
quarter -      "If he isn't out in a quarter of an hour the path will be covered. In
stapleton -      to sleep there, but Stapleton would not hear of it.
america -      sold my jewels to gain the money which would take us to America. This
way -      over in my mind, and I can see only one way out of it. It is worth
deal -      "Yes, I have thought a good deal of it in the course of the day."
cooling -      be ill, sir. I ventured to say something to him about cooling
rocks -      cold light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks, and the
university -      University, seems to have been just what his employer wanted. His
way -      while the rapid and scientific way in which he polished off his
steps -      Two steps took me to the open door, and my mind will ever carry a
how -      "But how could you guess what the motive was?"
brixton -      the sweat was pouring down my face before I came to the Brixton Road.
box -      up. We found the brass box there, although its contents had been
cross -      in his hand. So tall was he that his hat actually brushed the cross
more -      an L, the long arm being the more modern portion, and the shorter the
station -      along the open curve which leads to the station.  We had hardly time
bold -      from the dark into the light. It was a remarkable face, bold gray
norfolk -      Ocean appeared over the green edge of the Norfolk coast, and the
county -      the following letter from Division Master Windle of Merton County
read -      which she had read in the man's face. All her woman's instinct told
scott -      Spaniard and Scott Eccles. It was the former who forced the pace. He
more -      some more astute sleuth with some even less astute comrade may fill
london -      link in the chain. We return to London this afternoon, Mr. Bennett. I
well -      "Well, well, you may see for yourself. If not, there's no harm done.
lodge -      will know all that there is to know. I soon found Briony Lodge. It is
cavendish -      start in one of a dozen streets in the Cavendish Square quarter, all
rose -      speaker resumed his seat. McGinty rose with gloom upon his brow.
intake -      him!" Then I heard a sudden sharp intake of her breath, and she
tower -      almost in the shadow of the great Tower of the Houses of Parliament.
main -      case one of the main points in favor of the accused disappears."
water -      four and a half feet of water. The bedroom window was a broad one and
hook -      Blessington conveyed. As he dangled from the hook it was exaggerated
more -      hear it, and that it was no more than his deserts. This observation
eccles -      highly respectable presence of our friend, Scott Eccles, whose
way -      My friend threw out the information in a very offhand way, but I saw
start -      "Then we shall walk over together. But before we start I must ask you
how -      are frightening yourself about nothing. How could you possibly tell
norton -      Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. See the advantages of a
old -      gnarled, dried-up person, who was the butler, Ames. The poor old
white -      "What! where?" shouted Mr. Windibank, turning white to his lips and
old -      I saw the old man throw up his arms, a terrible convulsion passed
lodge -      I'm a Freeman myself. I'll offer him all the secrets of the lodge for
central -      made England too hot to hold him, fled to Central America, and died
well -      well?"
well -      "Well, I don't know about Californians. They were Americans, all
moor -      upon the lonely moor. On the other hand, if I should find the hut and
avenue -      wooden gate, which opened into a gloomy avenue of chestnuts. The
oath -      said McMurdo, with an oath. "I suppose it isn't Jack Knox of Ironhill
stapleton -      lifted and we were guided by Mrs. Stapleton to the point where they
white -      "And you, Mr. White Mason?"
way -      final and definite opinion. By the way, Mr. Baynes, did you find
more -      that he loves me, and that the opinion of all the world is no more to
how -      knuckles--how could I have passed those knuckles? And the dog! And
old -      "So it was, sir. And now it's an old black one."
pocket -      McMurdo bore the inspection cheerfully, one hand in his coat pocket,
more -      our ears, nearer, louder, more urgent than before.
water -      the water I could hardly have missed it. It was the towel which
touch -      Sherlock Holmes, for they enabled him to keep in touch with all that
read -      it here, and may read it for yourself."
stair -      fashion. Holmes stopped him at the head of the stair.
white -      clad in some sort of loose white gown.
sheet -      He took a large sheet of paper from his pocket, all covered with
steps -      which led to the garden. At the end was a short flight of steps
more -      never in your life could you have a case which is more worthy of
old -      "Here is the old man," said he, holding out a heap of white hair.
true -      her true fate. After an excellent voyage the Hotspur landed us at
letters -      Holmes held out a small chip with the letters NN and a space of clear
lady -      "My dear young lady, you say that your room is on the second floor.
stapleton -      to a jury. Even Stapleton's attempt upon Sir Henry that night which
hole -      treasure! There is the hole through which we lowered it. I helped him
more -      soldier, is more than a private, and is not long from India."
reach -      reach; and finally I should say that it was very unusual for such men
hope -      town. We hope very soon to return to Devonshire. Will you remember to
horsham -      Tudor chimneys and a lichen-spotted, high-pitched roof of Horsham
city -      him, he departed for Europe, and tracked his enemies from city to
pocket -      "He clapped his hand into his pocket, and I raised the pistol from
how -      "But how can we find where this house lies?"
oakington -      Waterbeach, and Oakington have each been explored and have each
lanner -      "Good-morning, Lanner," answered Holmes; "you won't think me an
gang -      upon this gang. That he should come to me for help, and that I should
avenue -      "As he spoke we came round the curve of the avenue, and saw in the
plantation -      ride over the plantation, to keep an eye on the men as they worked,
point -      apply this principle to the case in point. As it was first presented
more -      large sums of money in South African speculation. More wise than
norfolk -      very rapidly put his words into action. I at once came to Norfolk
reach -      reach of the hound and began to provoke it in every possible way. He
how -      "You! How could you call?"
farnham -      "Yes, sir; near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey."
lady -      back to help the young lady."
worth -      phraseology, why, then it would be worth accepting as a temporary
way -      ventured some remark as to this being a roundabout way to Kensington,
spring -      told me that in this cloud, unseen as yet, but about to spring out
city -      of all the mazes that ever were contrived, this city is the most
oath -      could I give it up when it would be to break my oath and to desert my
city -      partner in the second largest private banking concern in the City of
wall -      Athene on the top. In the corner between the bookcase and the wall
deal -      been taken over with the house. A good deal of clothing with the
settle -      wisely to settle their feuds at home, and not to carry them on to
knox -      said McMurdo, with an oath. "I suppose it isn't Jack Knox of Ironhill
london -      never knew it! I had intended, however, to go the round of the London
fratton -      "Sure thing. My landlady down Fratton way had some inquiries, and
reach -      cart, or a peasant, until you reach the high road near Crooksbury
steps -      prompt steps to warn the county authorities that something serious
how -      street, or in some way come to understand how close the danger was,
more -      ourselves more profitably at home."
goat -      projecting goat's beard combined with his stooping attitude to give
leatherhead -      Leatherhead.
mason -      "Go on, Mr. Mason. You get more and more interesting."
way -      He hustled on his overcoat, and bustled about in a way that showed
pocket -      piece of white paper folded up out of his waistcoat pocket. 'See that
old -      "Tuxbury Old Hall is inaccessible--five miles from anywhere. There
brixton -      "Well, my theory is that he followed Drebber as far as the Brixton
how -      It was close upon nine when he set out. I had no idea how long he
river -      river steamboats. The body exhibited no traces of violence, and there
press -      press. It is of enormous importance that nothing further should leak
common -      "I have already explained to you that what is out of the common is
scotland -      capture belongs entirely to the well-known Scotland Yard officials,
beryl -      not, Beryl?"
reach -      convinced that you were sitting in ambush, a weapon within reach,
lady -      young lady, too. She cannot wait on the public road at this hour."
london -      disappears. The only person in London whom he could have visited is
rooms -      your rooms was to close your shutters, and that I have been compelled
how -      "He wouldn't have it, sir. You know how masterful he is. I didn't
kilburn -      Kilburn, where he lived, and take him into my confidence. He would
steps -      steps, for looking up I saw that the older man was standing in the
quick -      Sherlock Holmes' quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his
worth -      which were brought out in the inquest, and which are worth
sound -      room had lit a dark-lantern. I heard a gentle sound of movement, and
point -      thoughtfully. "It may seem to point very straight to one thing, but
rose -      impulse might come upon her? How can I ever forget how she rose from
chase -      editions. Then it was that the lust of the chase would suddenly come
way -      made his way along the track which ran through the meadows, and so by
how -      I felt more than ever how true a descendant he was of that long line
wells -      from Tunbridge Wells last night, and you were in general agreement
lake -      "What about the Hall lake and the chance of a pike?" said Holmes.
pocket -      to-morrow, and I think that I shall put this horseshoe into my pocket
lady -      entered to announce Miss Mary Sutherland, while the lady herself
more -      never thought any more of the matter. It may have nothing to do with
turn -      it grew into a roomy villa. He was a man of a practical turn of mind,
moor -      across the moor, something which terrified him so that he lost his
flush -      agreed at once to every condition, and was apparently fairly flush of
old -      planks creaked upon their old hinges. I passed in and she swiftly
olympia -      four-in-hand takes the prize at Olympia. I have even heard that you
twenty -      once for all the ugly rumours which some twenty years ago agitated
coat -      quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as
british -      right in a sense if you said that occasionally he is the British
twenty -      "It was a lonely house, twenty miles from here, over the range
london -      went up to my London rooms, where I spent seven weeks working out a
forth -      forth tempting terms for harpooners who would serve under Captain
charles -      "It was at my advice that Sir Charles was about to go to London. His
well -      "Well, it wasn't a fat man, anyhow. We don't need your deductions,
heads -      take it into their heads to search me and my room. There was no place
yonder -      tracked. That angular shadow up yonder was the bait and we were the
well -      you a liar as well as a thief? Did I not see you trying to tear off
mason -      When John Mason had left us, Holmes set to work making a very careful
more -      him to the arrangement more than any argument could have done. He had
water -      use of the harpoon, the rum and water, the seal-skin tobacco-pouch,
laid -      drew from the bottom my own hair. I laid the two tresses together,
devonshire -      day, and we started as arranged for Devonshire. Mr. Sherlock Holmes
start -      "If we are to go to Norwood it would perhaps be as well to start at
old -      imploring the old man to give her an interview on the evening before
pocket -      pocket of his peajacket. "I was covering you all the time. I guess my
eye -      flats, which projected so that they could not fail to catch the eye.
south -      it better to go to South Africa."
well -      "Well, I was never in luck's way long. Suddenly, without a note of
stone -      complete. You had heard, Ryder, of this blue stone of the Countess of
wallington -      sister Sarah lives, I think you said, at New Street, Wallington?
wish -      There are one or two points of contact which I should wish to
sound -      There was a grumbling sound and a clanking and jarring of keys. The
worth -      those weak legs of yours are worth ten pound a week. I thought I knew
more -      I don't think there is anything more to be learned here. Now for the
way -      ordinary way. Leave the rest to me. Don't frighten him by looking at
shire -      herring across a shire, how far can a specially-trained hound follow
borne -      ourselves in Kennington Lane, having borne away through the
woodley -      ecstasy of despair. "They've got her, that hellhound Woodley and the
well -      "Do you see that Black Tor over yonder? Well, do you see the low hill
stapleton -      driving Stapleton to his destruction. That Sir Henry should have been
cross -      she would have nothing to do with anything on the cross. It was only
more -      her husband had not left her more than a few minutes when she heard
wall -      passed right through the head and flattened itself on the wall. I
well -      shoving the queer. Well, we can let that be bygones; for, between you
church -      yours, for you'll find my little bookshop at the corner of Church
well -      "Well, if Holmes takes the same view, that would account for his
turn -      to convey it to you, and you in turn to him. You won't be offended,
old -      files of the old papers, following the future career of every vessel
flat -      man with a very large flat box. This he unpacked with the help of a
turn -      any new factor is likely to come to our notice here. I will turn the
avenue -      open yellow barouche coming down the long avenue, with two splendid,
white -      in white socks and neat shoes with shining buckles, offered a strange
touch -      touch the tips of her fingers."
catch -      hat. "We will just catch him before he starts." We hurried down the
well -      "Well, well," said Holmes, "we'll talk about it when we've had
wooden -      wooden shelf full of books, mostly of a technical character, an
well -      delight. "We're well up with the times in Sussex. I've told you now
way -      "That settles this exit. Then no doubt the lady went out the way she
clouds -      shriek of "Fire!" Thick clouds of smoke curled through the room and
how -      how you know, and how much you know?' He spoke now in a half-jesting
cocking -      sound produced by cocking a rifle. This terrible secret society was
more -      house-physician--little more than a senior student. And he left five
mason -      hours of the morning. White Mason, the local officer, was a personal
village -      village with his pipe in his mouth, or in driving with his host, or
how -      "How's that, then?"
turn -      more gloomy details. Let us turn to something brighter. There is the
spring -      saw a horror spring up in them, and convulse his whole features,
guide -      will be helping us--helping me greatly if you will guide us on that
martin -      Inspector Martin and I had listened with the utmost interest to the
wood -      journeys in a small bungalow buried in the lonely wood of Beauchamp
letters -      "He said that letters to the HÃ´tel du Louvre, Paris, would eventually
douglas -      Cecil Barker, Mrs. Douglas, and the housekeeper that we may want a
rooms -      "The windows of the three rooms open out upon the lawn. That fatal
wish -      "I have no wish to make a mystery of him,--to you, anyway. But you
heights -      always took the shape of measuring heights. When I was a lad I worked
old -      touched the family honour. That stern old man had sent his son away
high -      ancient culture and comfort, lies this old home, surrounded by a high
comfort -      words of kindly womanly comfort which brought the color back into the
stair -      led to a winding stone stair, from which there were many flats, let
lady -      Now my theory all along has been that Lady St. Simon was decoyed away
keeping -      But really, Watson, I am keeping you up, and I might just as well
weeks -      me for some weeks, Watson. Tell me straight, now! Is there anything
priory -      what Dr. Thorneycroft Huxtable, of the Priory School, near Mackleton,
stapleton -      The face of Stapleton had sprung out of the canvas.
coat -      the tell-tale garments. He would seize the coat, then, and be in the
way -      are trying in our own way to get our rights."
amberley -      Mr. Amberley sat down heavily. He sensed impending danger. I read it
overton -      "Oh, it is clear enough. It is from our friend Overton, and is in
rope -      end of the rope to make it look natural, else they would wonder how
newhaven -      have to wait an hour before we could get a train to Newhaven.
box -      They landed me at Vauxhall, with my heavy iron box, and with a bluff,
how -      at the discovery. "Well, whoever noticed it, it shows how our
main -      details to be filled in, but I am as certain of all the main facts,
stock -      look at each other and to take stock of the situation.
way -      see what I could find. There was no difficulty in the way, for the
way -      heart or it may be a broken neck, but he'll have you one way or the
how -      the murderer, since robbery had no part in it? How came the woman's
tor -      upon the tor and could not feel the thrill which his strange presence
summit -      the last rays of the sun were gilding the cross upon the summit of
town -      he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.
old -      my strange old book-collector, his sharp, wizened face peering out
point -      last to the question of atavism and hereditary aptitudes.  The point
well -      "Well, I have a trade of my own. I suppose I am the only one in the
how -      herring across a shire, how far can a specially-trained hound follow
well -      "Well, what happened then?"
well -      "Well, I suppose you mean well, and I do thank you," said McMurdo in
central -      of the central lamp.
london -      possible that she never reached London, or that she has passed
more -      "We put it at different angles, so that it may seem more lifelike. I
dull -      your estimable partner. Good day, Mr. Merton. Rather dull in the
chapel -      Someone was walking in the chapel above. It was the firm, rapid step
well -      honest man--well, well, here's a large stationer's. We shall begin
stair -      "No. I heard Mrs. Douglas coming down the stair behind me, and I
more -      "But I am somewhat headstrong by nature, and the more ready to engage
how -      night, and how I fired a double-barrelled tiger cub at it. At first I
point -      other point about these assaults. Were the strange attacks upon the
west -      as being a great caravan upon its journey for the West. But what a
bonds -      his bonds and glaring murder from his furious eyes.
south -      from South America. Like most lonely ladies, Lady Frances found her
station -      from the station, and there we found the young lady waiting for us.
more -      "Yes, I think that we should be more useful there at the present
guide -      by acting as guide to any wealthy Orientals who may visit the
laid -      Holmes laid his hand upon my arm.
well -      university.  Well, Watson, you have one more specimen of the tragic
advent -      time in poisoning her mind against us. Miss Winter's advent rather
lady -      "But does this mean that any harm has befallen the Lady Frances?"
rooms -      probable in your rooms at Baker Street. Mrs. Rucastle is not mad. I
way -      and only met people in the way of business. She had seen the buttons,
more -      "the more one thinks of it the more mysterious it grows. How came
athelney -      "No. I shall probably call Athelney Jones in at the last moment. He
turn -      definitely prove it, would turn Lestrade's argument against himself,
white -      Mohammedans. There is no other white man. Therefore we may say with
west -      west I had no idea. For that matter, Reading, and possibly other
hilton -      from Hilton Cubitt. All was quiet with him, save that a long
sydenham -      a couple of months with my people at Sydenham. One day out in a
grove -      Holland Grove beat--and we stood together at the corner of Henrietta
regency -      He should have been a buck in the days of the Regency--a boxer, an
how -      "That's how I read it. If you find an indelible pencil on the body--"
marylebone -      van dashed round by Marylebone Lane and was gone in an instant.  I
rattle -      where we were going.  Sometimes the rattle of the stones told of a
hope -      could not believe my innocence, how could I hope to make it good
white -      velvet chairs, a high white marble mantel-piece, and what seemed to
seal -      like the flipper of a seal.  "I hear of Sherlock everywhere since you
laid -      should take an interest in it. It laid an egg after it was dead--the
dull -      modern wings of black granite. A dull light shone through heavy
home -      takes the obvious course of keeping her at home and forbidding her to
well -      "Well, it is possible, no doubt," said I, with some reserve.
well -      "Well, she knew something of my affairs. They are large, Mr.
lane -      way to the dairy, happened to walk down the lane which leads from the
well -      "Well, then, do you imagine that this other one, Henry Baker, had
sound -      no sound of any sort did we hear except the chiming clock upon the
winchester -      Please be at the Black Swan Hotel at Winchester at midday to-morrow
british -      reading. Had it been the Lancet or the British Medical Journal it
more -      myself back once more in the old rooms in Baker Street.
reading -      Would you mind reading me the advertised description of Mr. Hosmer
devonshire -      concealed their true import. I went to Devonshire with the conviction
keeping -      to the scrum instead of keeping out on the touch-line. He's a fine
nowhere -      "Because I knew it was nowhere else."
wall -      came out with me into the garden, clambering over the wall which
avenue -      floor of the Northumberland Avenue establishment there is an isolated
box -      replaced the box upon the mantelpiece. "I hate to have my things
mere -      case upon the mere chance of one of these fellows having put his foot
lady -      exactly correspond, so I gather that the lady went back to the same
way -      awaiting them. With unerring instinct Jefferson Hope picked his way
more -      that cry and start troubled me more than all the rest, for there was
london -      bought in London from Ross and Mangles, the dealers in Fulham Road.
how -      How often she went I don't know, but I followed her one day, and as I
lead -      "You have done well indeed!" cried Holmes with enthusiasm. "Now lead
close -      It was close upon nine when he set out. I had no idea how long he
musgrave -      sign of any crack or crevice. But fortunately, Musgrave, who had
scotland -      Scotland Yard in touch with this business--and yet, it is too
way -      than to ruin this woman's career, which can profit you in no way?"
east -      pin in it. Now, this line is the main road. You see that it runs east
avenue -      Through the gateway we passed into the avenue, where the wheels were
how -      how it is with me, and you know just as much about the matter as I
city -      tracks proved that they had afterwards turned back to Salt Lake City.
more -      you to be more explicit."
how -      "You have not unpacked them? How long have you had them?"
how -      "Who are you, and how do you get my name so pat?" the countryman
street -      Street end.
how -      and he recognized how foolish and how selfish it was that he should
northumberland -      Northumberland Avenue hotels.  I think I will leave him to tell his
charing -      the postmark "Charing Cross," and the date of posting the preceding
row -      have a row of electric lamps up here inside of six months, and you
birmingham -      this good old fossil up to Birmingham. That is very clear. I might
way -      Gregson rubbed his hands in a self-satisfied way. "I think we have
brunton -      Clearly, only one could fit into the hole, and that one was Brunton.
point -      "Especially upon one point. Possibly you could help me upon it?"
well -      "Well, I should think so, indeed!"
london -      him down from London. He did raise his eyebrows, however, when he
helston -      taking them to Helston."
read -      "Dear Inspector MacDonald [said the letter which he read to us]:
how -      to know how you managed it. Will you have some whiskey and water?"
turn -      turn."
close -      stuck as close to me as a rope to a block if that woman had never
turn -      were always very careful, I observed, to turn my face away from the
paris -      "Seen the Paris news?" asked Lestrade.
brougham -      of my speed.  A brougham was waiting with a very massive driver
old -      common in old libraries. I observed that books were piled on the
banks -      drawn on six different banks. Does that make any impression on your
white -      to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white
chesterton -      news agencies. I have covered some ground: Chesterton, Histon,
beach -      distant figures on the beach. They seemed too far away to have been
haven -      "Exactly. I should not have known which was The Haven had I not asked
salt -      "'You dog!' I said; 'I have hunted you from Salt Lake City to St.
fitzroy -      beyond the arrest of young Fitzroy Simpson nothing had been done, I
gang -      have heard, that we are dealing with a particularly dangerous gang."
way -      all his wealth and his title, he very nearly came our way once or
more -      "As I grew richer I grew more ambitious, took a house in the country,
spring -      step and bearing as active as ever. With a single spring he was at
deal -      bullocks. Accustomed as she was to deal with cattle, she was not
pocket -      surprise, he locked it after him and put the key in his pocket. Then
well -      "I remember your husband well, madam," said Holmes, "though it is
start -      "And to start to-morrow morning?"
yell -      in front of us there came one last despairing yell, and then a dull,
temple -      "Near the right temple?"
stair -      order to keep the tryst one has to ascend a main stair and seek the
middle -      "'That white one with the barred tail, right in the middle of the
rooms -      "How long have you been in these rooms?"
lover -      dancing Irish deviltry had gone from her lover's eyes. She read his
well -      "Well, it ended by their taking Blessington and hanging him. The
more -      may be drawn. This murder would have been infinitely more difficult
lake -      over-exposure and under-feeding among the Salt Lake Mountains. I've
real -      with our real task, which is to trace this document and save a
how -      exhibited this powder, and I told him of its strange properties, how
true -      literally true. A few small footholds presented themselves, and there
shaw -      Arthur to meet him in a little wood called the Ragged Shaw, which is
hope -      "I am Jefferson Hope," he said. "You remember me."
wall -      a small angle in the wall. Here it is that this creature takes his
drawbridge -      The only approach to the house was over a drawbridge, the chains and
valley -      have heard the valley so named," said he. "The shadow does indeed
more -      for example, that a presentation to a doctor is more likely to come
burns -      him, burns his body in the wood-pile, and departs to a neighbouring
sound -      horrible yell--the most dreadful sound, Mr. Holmes, that ever I
true -      But whatever the true explanation of Barrymore's movements might be,
lady -      athletic young lady's pursuit. What have we gained by your
heads -      over the heads of the people. It is the Valley of Fear, the Valley of
edge -      water. He then stood on the fatal spot, some distance from the edge
way -      "He might, sir, but it weren't his way. Many a time I've heard him
old -      appears to act as well whether the blood is old or new. Had this test
woodley -      Williamson, you Carruthers, and Woodley."
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer refolded his paper and replaced it in his pocket.
well -      "Well, when I called last week I was shown into the little office as
london -      "The Diogenes Club is the queerest club in London, and Mycroft one of
lady -      "Wanted, a woman of good address, attired like a lady. She has a
well -      "Well, Watson," he asked, turning suddenly upon me, "what do you make
well -      boots are nearly new. Well, what remains? The bath. Absurd, is it
dull -      tinting with a dull, metallic sparkle the rich coils of her luxuriant
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket.
old -      "Well, perhaps it might. I followed him to old Straubenzee's workshop
tongue -      unfortunate creature's tongue seemed hardly to have been moistened in
london -      morning Holmes had telegraphed to the London police, and in the
white -      The face of our unpleasant little visitor turned as white as his
lodge -         Lodge 341, Vermissa
old -      walked up an oak-lined avenue to the fine old Queen Anne house, which
walls -      walls were of wood. As I gave a last hurried glance around, I saw a
street -      It was a quarter past six when we left Baker Street, and it still
press -      press capable of criticizing it? Is this a man to traduce?
turn -      sympathy--those two qualities which may turn so rapidly and so
mountain -      homely Alpine villages or in the lonely mountain passes, I could tell
street -      enough, when we reached Baker Street the detective was already there,
close -      the passage in one of Poe's sketches in which a close reasoner
row -      was shown to have been the aggressor in the row. Dead man was
way -      do not force your way in, but send a wire to my friend and me. We
how -      "Tell us, then, how Cadogan West met his end before you laid him upon
common -      a great deal of interest which I might tell her of our common
stand -      could stand the strain no longer, and she made a clean breast of it
way -      street, or in some way come to understand how close the danger was,
mere -      "It's nothing, Holmes. It's a mere scratch."
began -      muff and began to sob heavily into it.
well -      The name was indeed well known to us as belonging to the senior
mortimer -      that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his
steep -      steep nullah. I rode down to see what it was, and the cold struck
water -      was going to fetch me, but Godfrey stopped him, had a drink of water,
well -      "'Well, from that time Sarah hated me with her whole heart and soul,
white -      "'I do not know,' she answered, turning white to her very lips.
mortimer -      Mortimer Tregennis considered earnestly for a moment.
city -      city of a hundred thousand souls, where the tenement houses swelter
california -      to have been gained in the California gold fields, and it was clear
touch -      however, at the little Railway Arms, and by it I got into touch with
london -      Douglas in a boarding house in London, did you not, and became
douglas -      her own tastes. She had several lovers, and Douglas Maberley, one of
edge -      kindly step over to that flap-window and smell the edge of the
way -      door I found the latch and made my way into a long, low room, thick
worth -      sometimes. Dear me! Door locked, I understand. Jewels worth half a
more -      for you to examine, and, what is more important, I have seen the
sound -      "Not a sound, for your lives!" McMurdo whispered, as he went from the
white -      He was just white with rage, and those light eyes of his were blazing
cornwall -      million, ruined half the county families of Cornwall, and Neligan
way -      it on the table and examined it in his minute way, while Hopkins and
well -      "Well, at least he is fairly well-to-do. But he goes into the City
lady -      room up there. But, dear me! what an observant young lady we have
bow -      included us all in a sweeping bow and stalked out of the room.
ashes -      ashes--in fact, I have written a monograph upon the subject. I
docks -      shot through the Pool, past the West India Docks, down the long
staunton -      "I claim your sympathy, then, in my investigation of Mr. Staunton's
lawn -      grass with writhing limbs and then ran swiftly across the lawn into
well -      "Well, sir, you have been very fair-spoken to me, though I can see
overton -      Cyril Overton was much excited. "Hold it to the glass!" he cried.
northumberland -      which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection
well -      "Oh, yes, mother is alive and well. I wasn't best pleased, Mr.
ross -      side-whiskers and an eye-glass. The latter was Colonel Ross, the
athelney -      "I think you must recollect me, Mr. Athelney Jones," said Holmes,
lead -      lead to. Tell me all, Mr. Holmes. Let no regard for your client's
selden -      Selden. I think I can promise that none of you will be troubled in
heads -      "Oh, she has turned all the men's heads down in that part. She is the
british -      living under the shield of British law, and I have no doubt,
norman -      appeared to be Saxon, in the centre, through a long line of Norman
point -      to the fire while the young inspector slowly and point by point
prospect -      "Do you see any prospect of solving this mystery, Mr. Holmes?" she
white -      Outside, beyond the low, white fence, a wagonette with a pair of cobs
rutland -      to lie off Rutland Island, and to which we were to make our way, and
oath -      be an end of his life of peace. They had sworn an oath on all that
more -      Now, Marvin, I'll keep you no more. Take them in and get it over."
home -      "Precisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and
lead -      attached to her, no doubt, and would lead a lonely life without her,
hope -      natural turn for diplomacy. I am bound, therefore, to hope that it is
old -      old people were busy in their own fashion and left me to my own
how -      "How are you, Mr. Reuben Hayes?" said Holmes.
windsor -      my friend spent a day at Windsor, whence be returned with a
van -      van dashed round by Marylebone Lane and was gone in an instant.  I
london -      perpetual cigar--all these were as well known in London as in Africa,
holland -      "It was from the reigning family of Holland, though the matter in
border -      way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them
well -      Well, Mr. Holmes, what are we to do with that fact?"
sheet -      was as white as a sheet. Indeed, he fell into a chair in a sort of
quarter -      genial inspector as my companion. A quarter of an hour's drive
more -      Baker Street, but I cannot recollect anything more sudden and
city -      that great city, so strange and so intimate that they might not be
more -      It was pleasant to Dr. Watson to find himself once more in the untidy
hammer -      It was a good-sized hammer which had been lying on the rug in front
london -      'Frisco, and we came to London, and a marriage was arranged, and pa
how -      Poor devil, how could I be angry when I saw him lying in such a
box -      tumbler upon the sideboard, and there are cigars in the box."
lady -      "Lady Frances," he continued, "is the sole survivor of the direct
well -      as well as to my own. I wish you, therefore, to make restitution. Put
more -      once more quite close to Mapleton. It was Holmes who saw them first,
how -      "How can you say that, sir?"
true -      choose between them. They are young and rich, and of the true faith.
home -      the fort I will have no truck with it, so you can drive home your
more -      "I fancy," said he, "that I may be of more use at Lamberley than
pool -      behind me. Most of the pool was quite shallow, but under the cliff
how -      theorist. Remember you! I'll never forget how you lectured us all on
more -      punishment more. If the young lady has a brother or a friend, he
how -      "How is it now?" he answered anxiously, for she was still rubbing the
burn -      for example, that the Fernworthy people will burn me in effigy
bow -      with a bow, she swept from the room.
well -      the one accidental occasion. Well, it is a very remarkable story,
turn -      to turn their attention--which shows that I have still much to
yonder -      "That is singular, because you sat down in that chair over yonder
start -      good start in learning what he was doing in Pitt Street last night,
how -      saw myself in the mirror, I cursed that lion--oh, how I cursed
stone -      striking upon a stone. Then another and yet another, coming nearer
close -      six horses were so close together that a carpet could have covered
mere -      about? Might she not look upon me as a mere vulgar fortune-seeker? I
well -      from extreme languor to devouring energy; and, as I knew well, he was
well -      "Well, he has rather more viciousness than I gave him credit for, has
village -      which marked the village of Grimpen. Between the two, behind the
carey -      man. Mrs. Carey has identified it as being her husband's property."
way -      the window of his surgery as you passed. As our road lay the same way
water -      water. He then stood on the fatal spot, some distance from the edge
chimney -      cried and sobbed like a child in the chimney. Sherlock Holmes sat
tongue -      not go very far. They paid Smith well to hold his tongue, reserved
rooms -      "And you thought the rooms were watched?"
inch -      "You have presented an inch or two of it to my examination all the
scott -      suitable vessels for sending out their prisoners. The Gloria Scott
how -      gratitude. Even now I do not understand how you attained this
quick -      happened on her unawares--she covered up quick, and then she said,
old -      "The Lord be thanked!" cried the old woman; "Sally will be a glad
well -      name, for it was that of none other than--well, perhaps even to you I
way -      The country had been a place of terror; but the town was in its way
hope -      amazement. Then the light of a horrible hope gleamed in his dark,
station -      to fall into the hands of justice. As we rolled into Eyford Station
start -      Mortimer withdrew from the service of the hospital in order to start
gravel -      and consisting apparently of a mixture of clay and of gravel. The
old -      heath on one side and an old yew hedge upon the other, surrounding a
more -      A more self-evident villain I never saw."
friendly -      about and screened us with its friendly shade. Holmes had lit his
rooms -      something about that suite of rooms which I was not to know, I was
middle -      the middle of a sentence and ran like this:
lady -      "Who keeps Lady Beatrice Falder company?" he asked at last.
college -      help the reader to exactly identify the college or the criminal would
willoughby -      third, Mr. Willoughby Smith, a very young man straight from the
way -      before I had sprung into a hansom and was on my way to Baker Street.
vauxhall -      They landed me at Vauxhall, with my heavy iron box, and with a bluff,
plymouth -      "From the Plymouth hotel, Watson," he said. "I learned the name of it
glass -      Each of them had a glass in his hand. I have already told you, have I
commercial -      identified at once by the manager of the Eagle Commercial as
point -      heard the word David uttered twice by the lady.  The point is of the
turn -      any fresh discovery of yours turn her from her purpose?"
more -      were immediately opposite the window and not more than a hundred feet
way -      perhaps have stood a little in the way of the recognition of my more
openshaw -      "My eye caught the name of Openshaw, and the heading 'Tragedy Near
well -      "Well, I'm sure you would never guess in a hundred years what we did
moor -      "There are many sheep-dogs on the moor?"
london -      nearing its end. I argued that the man was probably in London, and
rose -      his chair and shaking his sides. All my medical instincts rose up
box -      Lestrade went in and brought out a yellow cardboard box, with a piece
how -      "How is that?" I asked when I had finished.
lodge -      Brown, of Laburnum Lodge, Laburnum Vale, Chiswick, and one to Mr.
street -      looks at the Harley Street specialist who by a word can solve the
station -      Station. Good-bye, Mycroft. I shall let you have a report before
lodge -           The Tragedy of Pondicherry Lodge
glasshouse -      bystanders by passing through the Cafe Royal and out into Glasshouse
law -      "Should I appeal to the law? Where were my proofs? I knew that the
clatter -      She threw the poker down with a clatter.
wall -      upon the wall with it. Perhaps it was some mischievous idea of
woodlands -      and the broad tangle of the woodlands. The road in front of us grew
bold -      remained the first mate, who was a bold and active man. When he saw
pocket -      Carruthers took a telegram from his pocket.
pocket -      pocket and threw it down upon the slab, turning away with the air of
anderson -      still there, and Ian Murdoch had just arrived with Anderson, the
high -      the high towers of Holdernesse Hall. Then in the gloom we saw the two
bare -      empty house. Our feet creaked and crackled over the bare planking,
sound -      sound of my foot-fall she sprang to her feet, however, and a bright
village -      We walked down the quaint village street with a row of pollarded elms
wall -      weapons upon the wall before my eyes ever saw them. It might have
bohemia -      "The paper was made in Bohemia," I said.
river -      Nevada to Nebraska, and from the Yellowstone River in the north to
steep -      corridor and down the steep steps which led to Charles Street. The
quick -      She gave a quick nod of assent just as the other two came up.
well -      "Well, you must wait for him."
close -      be in close commune with both." I heard his dry chuckle as he turned
more -      his own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong
burn -      "You do Sir Charles an injustice. He did burn the letter. But
point -      London. From an official point of view it's simply awful."
vauxhall -      "We will be at Vauxhall Bridge presently," said Jones, "and shall
moor -      never a cow on the whole moor; very strange, Watson, eh?"
southampton -      hospital at Cape Town and one from Southampton. Since then not a
evergreens -      evergreens in which it had been concealed. It was a well used
high -      surveillance, for as we came round the high hedge at the end of the
true -      was normal up to then. It is true that the alarm was somewhat late in
london -      "Come in, Mr. Bennett. These two gentlemen have come from London
south -      place of oak, there was hung a fine collection of South American
more -      We sat in silence for some minutes, Holmes more depressed and shaken
cobb -      Ross with John Cobb, the groom. Shortly after my return I heard the
water -      forty-three diamonds of the first water, including one which has been
more -      some reason thought that he could do so more safely on foot than on
read -      "Couldn't read or write," said Carruthers.
street -      "'Garrideb, N.,' " he read, "'136 Little Ryder Street, W.' Sorry to
stead -      their stead. And we are making it dangerous for ourselves. The small
beach -      "No, no, I was late this morning. I was not on the beach at all. I
scotland -      that. We're not jealous of you at Scotland Yard. No, sir, we are very
thong -      straight-haired skin, with a leather thong to bind it. Inside was
tore -      He tore off a strip of the blotting-paper and turned towards us the
rose -      The woman rose and took from a drawer the photograph of a man. He was
eccles -         The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles
vicarage -      "There is only one vicarage, sir, and only one vicar, and this wire
rope -      down the rope and land on the bed. It might or might not bite the
how -      the scuffle he receives his own death-wound. How is that, Mr.
more -      no possible conclusion to it could be more congenial to me than this.
greet -      to stop at the stables to greet her favourite horse, and apparently
rope -      the rope, but it was not this so much as the bracket itself which
lee -      Lee, in the county of Kent."
more -      face and two venomous eyes which uttered more threats than his tongue
cliff -      nothing had been found in the small caves below the cliff, but he had
quick -      to Baldwin. "I'm quick to quarrel and quick to forgive. It's my hot
fleet -      the famous admiral of that name who commanded the Sea of Azof fleet
eagle -      the great chalk cliff in which Von Bork, like some wandering eagle,
portsdown -      of one of the forts upon Portsdown Hill. I was glad that he should
more -      the north of England. Now, there is no one more easy to trace than a
pinnacle -      right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the
woolwich -      "We will suppose that he was travelling back to Woolwich when he was
deal -      "Oh, you can leave me to deal with him then. Have you any arms?"
wish -      The girl sank her face into her hands. "I wish to heaven that you had
old -      "She is the daughter of old Tom Bellamy, who owns all the boats and
yonder -      yonder. I can see a fellow now at the window. Have a look for
pocket -      your money in your left trouser pocket. Thank you. It will balance
old -      will go back with you to Tuxbury Old Park."
close -      close that the nose of my horse was within a yard of his driver the
more -      may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more. Let us walk
sheet -      sheet by sheet, from the central table. He carried them over to the
read -      Read it!" He tossed a crumpled letter across to me.
stand -      "Stand back yourself!" he cried. "I'll blow your face in if you lay a
old -      Garrideb could I catch. Then I tried the old country. Sure enough
castle -      castle in the air fell down, it buried him beneath the ruins. He was
chimney -      lens the talc shield which covered the top of the chimney and scraped
well -      "Well, I really can wait no longer. You can imagine that things are
penrose -      Penrose Fisher, or any of the best men in London. But someone you
letters -      mentioned, and yet there were letters and meetings, and a great deal
way -      "By the way, Mortimer," said I as we jolted along the rough road, "I
musgrave -      "And that's the story of the Musgrave Ritual, Watson. They have the
how -      "How long did you stay?"
manor -      at the Manor House, and John Douglas had been murdered. That was the
old -      an old man. He is respected in the township and the district. His
oxshott -      to Oxshott must be limited, I adopted the obvious method of sending
old -      looking over my old notes, and classifying some of our past results."
way -      that the case was coming my way or I should have had my extracts
start -      hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow." With a few
more -      detectives more decentralized, and so brought into closer and more
martin -      Inspector Martin had the good sense to allow my friend to do things
well -      of Tregennis very well--indeed, upon my Cornish mother's side I could
well -      say for certain, because it all depends--well, it all depends upon a
steep -      A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay
letters -      the keyhole. "This outer one is for the letters, the inner one for
water -      the lamp, for the water was spurting over the floor. Then I put out
bermondsey -      "One is Mr. Harris, of Bermondsey, and the other is Mr. Price, of
mortimer -      "But Dr. Mortimer has his practice to attend to, and his house is
coat -      West Indies. The man with the blue coat and the roll of paper is Sir
lodge -      The usual revelry of the lodge was short and subdued: for there was a
reach -      cleared the matter up. I wish I knew how you reach your results."
amberley -      of the real Josiah Amberley, a misshapen demon with a soul as
well -      "I think, Count, that it would be as well to have your friend Sam at
town -      The boarding house was near the edge of the town, and soon they were
brougham -      only come back with me in my brougham, you would at least be able to
way -      always the way. Folk who were in grief came to my wife like birds to
how -      "You have an answer to everything. But how on earth do you deduce
more -      to prevent it is more so. It is a terrible thing, Mr. Holmes, to see
station -      "It is only a few hundred yards to the station. We will go together.
old -      the bottom of one of the pits or old mines upon the moor."
lady -      progress. Our lady enters the room, advances to the bureau, and
sound -      There was indeed the sound of shouting in the street, and a little
lady -      lady to a British peeress.'"
garrison -      acres. There is a modern part, which took all our garrison, women,
true -      "I am aware that what you say is true about the lady's resources,"
lady -      alibi. Yesterday a lady, who has been known as Mme. Henri Fournaye,
well -      appears to act as well whether the blood is old or new. Had this test
horsham -      may have to go down to Horsham, after all."
old -      before Aldgate Station. A courteous red-faced old gentleman
catch -      windows, and to see if I could catch a glimpse of the strange face
read -      voice I was a dead man. I could read it in the fellow's brown eyes. I
white -      and white ivory box with a sliding lid. It was a neat little thing,
tongue -      by birth and with a Grecian name, it is with that particular tongue
real -      "It needs careful handling, Watson. This is the real egg-shell
steps -      fair-haired detective came up the stairs, three steps at a time, and
more -      "Or more astonished, eh?"
well -      numerous, resolute, and well armed. Their opponents were scattered
way -      would make their way under cover of darkness to some ship at
marconi -      code, Marconi--a copy, mind you, not the original. That was too
read -      I handed him the letter, which he read with the most concentrated
rattle -      window in the morning when I heard the rattle of hoofs and, looking
well -      as to my uncle's death--well, it all seems boiling up in my head, and
street -      "Here is the address--Jacob Shafter, Sheridan Street. It's a boarding
home -      mighty fine home and nothing to do."
birmingham -      carriage and well started upon our journey to Birmingham that I was
stone -      want the stone. Give that up, and so far as I am concerned you can go
how -      called your attention to the advertisement--how long had he been with
laid -      I took out my revolver and laid it on the corner of the table.
street -      gentlemen down Regent Street."
street -      Street was choked with red-headed folk, and Pope's Court looked like
north -      north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his
old -      home to visit an old friend of his, Major Freebody, who is in command
way -      seemed to send a chill right down my back. I was some little way off,
central -      descending into the hollow, he pushed the matting into a more central
london -      Norwood and London Bridge."
norwich -      is a cab coming to convey you to Norwich, Mr. Slaney. But, meanwhile,
rooms -      so far that I thought it best to set up rooms for myself: so I left
laid -      before a case could be laid before a judge or jury."
rooms -      I rushed up the stairs, only to find two other rooms empty and
well -      "Well, if our conjecture is correct and the girl's name is or was
more -      police-whistle, and then I must have fainted, for I knew nothing more
lady -      Lady Brackenstall was reclining on the same couch, but looked
hound -      "They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles."
lyons -      "Mrs. Lyons," said I, as I rose from this long and inconclusive
moor -      sodden moor, full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face
stone -      corner. In the middle of the hut a flat stone served the purpose of a
baldwin -      Baldwin had to take the proffered hand, for the baleful eye of the
street -      their way swiftly along the street. Having reached the Union House,
london -      London; so Sir James is no longer a direct factor in the problem."
well -      "Well, then, spend the next twenty-four hours in an intensive study
sovereign -      sovereign, and I mean to wear it on my watch-chain in memory of the
bush -      in the bush?"
start -      every turn. Then he gave a violent start as he saw the impassive head
eye -      his drawn brow and his vacant eye that he was thinking intently. Miss
quick -      her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glances.
well -      find. You see that stain on the carpet? Well, a great deal must have
how -      "How did you open it before? You have a duplicate key? Yes, of course
northumberland -      "Who knew that you were going to the Northumberland Hotel?" asked
douglas -      Douglas had given him the impression that some danger was hanging
old -      "It's as well," said the old man; "it's a question whether I shall
london -      alternate words, but neither 'the of for' nor 'supply game London'
lyons -      "Mrs. Lyons!"
lodge -      and go through with it and are a help to the lodge. What were you
law -      "What sort of proposal is that to make a man? I know enough of law to
oxford -      shining pavement. A single cab was splashing its way from the Oxford
true -      London press. Now, after thirteen years, I will give the true details
way -      all which could in the remotest way help me to form a guess as to
oaken -      with heavy oaken beams, and the uneven floors sagged into sharp
water -      were aware of the soft lapping of agitated water. He seemed to be
london -      London, you know; and I by Birmingham; but this time I shall follow
brougham -      traversed. A brougham was coming down it, and there could be no
valley -      will leave the valley behind us."
gang -      chosen to break up your gang. I had a hard and dangerous game to
old -      to find a queer little old man, jerking and twitching in the doorway.
more -      "Your slippers are new," he said. "You could not have had them more
ripe -      round many times, and the men were flushed and ripe for mischief when
well -      "I very well remember the sensation which was caused by the
white -      was as white as a sheet. Indeed, he fell into a chair in a sort of
cross -      Somewhere in the vaults of the bank of Cox and Co., at Charing Cross,
how -      "How was he dressed?"
court -      Bible. Oh, don't bring it into court! For Christ's sake, don't!"
cross -      out my left canine in the waiting-room at Charing Cross, and,
well -      "Well, the whole thing hinges upon two points. The first is the
street -      Charles Street. Here is a rough chart of the place."
rock -      flit from rock to rock until their figures stood out against the
more -      dangling his glasses more vigorously than ever, and with a very
high -      his haggard and anxious face that the high hopes with which he had
station -      the station as fast as a hansom could bring him. He was looking
white -      "To tell the truth"--he sank his face into his thin, white hands--"I
dawn -      In the early dawn I woke with a start, and was surprised to find him
dundee -      "The first was from Pondicherry, the second from Dundee, and the
well -      "Well, it seems to me that it is just possible that the arrival of
ash -      found the ash of a cigar, which my special knowledge of tobacco ashes
old -      "Yes, sir, it is a crushing blow," said the old man. "That is my
petty -      stranger errand than you and I. How small we feel with our petty
york -      New York, and I've been close to him for a week in London, waiting
lawn -      beautiful moonlight night, and the lawn in front of the house was
county -      that in this county and in other counties of these parts we have
london -      "The London criminal is certainly a dull fellow," said he in the
how -      "Exactly. But the question is--how shall we proceed against the
peckham -      "Sally lives in lodgings at 3, Mayfield Place, Peckham."
highway -      highway by a low wall with an iron rail above it.  It was into this
gravel -      reddish gravel that was lying heaped beside your gate."
common -      common loafer. With his collar turned up, his shiny, seedy coat, his
how -      "That's how I read it," said Barker. "But, I say, aren't we wasting
westbury -      "But the facts, Miss Westbury?"
inch -      "pressure to the square inch" suggested some possible relation to a
douglas -      "Dear me! Are you the mother of Douglas Maberley? I knew him
hayes -      that I know. As to Hayes I say nothing. The gallows awaits him, and I
lyons -      Mrs. Lyons upon the evening before, for Dr. Mortimer remained with
south -      first men in the South, and that there may be many who will not sleep
white -      gone out of our souls. Holmes groaned, and his face glimmered white
quarter -      Our visitors arrived at the appointed time, but it was a quarter to
well -      "If you will be so good.  If he can clear the matter up, well and
more -      More than once, as tufts of grass came out in my hand or my foot
wells -      since Tunbridge Wells, the nearest place of importance, is ten or
start -      In the early dawn I woke with a start, and was surprised to find him
camberwell -      Camberwell I found Miss Morstan a little weary after her night's
london -      of the past. Sir Henry and Dr. Mortimer were, however, in London, on
moat -      with this weapon, and escapes by wading the moat, after leaving a
derbyshire -      of Bond Street, to William Derbyshire. Mrs. Straker tells us that
more -      may, Colonel Moran will trouble us no more, the famous air-gun of Von
drawbridge -      right of the drawbridge. It's open just as it was found last night."
lawn -      feelings overcame you, and you ran across the lawn and broke in upon
british -      with these fellows, and I have the British Treasury behind me. If
old -      pictures and read descriptions of the famous old building, so I will
stapleton -      think that Stapleton's career of crime has been by no means limited
old -      invention of the three Garridebs. We heard later that our poor old
white -      scratches showed white through the paint, as if they had been that
more -      "It is something much more valuable to us. It is the impression of a
catch -      said. "If you can catch the man, catch him, and let me know when you
wooden -      small wooden box with a sliding lid, such as children's toys are kept
more -      would have had no more than his due from my hands.  If his own guilty
point -      "Any other point, sir?"
milverton -      meet you face to face, and alone. Well, Charles Milverton, what have
old -      old service, as I understand, so London won't be out of your way.
well -      "Well, I was pretty proud at having this small command given me,
white -      white forehead which has given the favorite its name, that chance had
old -      thud, which shook the old house, and then all was silence. The maid
scotland -      Finally we found our way to Scotland Yard. There had been
quick -      "What a stroke of luck! Quick, madam, bring it here!"
letters -      letters would have saved him. So would my diary, in which from day to
law -      against the law, instead of exerting them in its defense. As he
street -      hurrying up the street. There is not an instant to be lost. He rushes
catch -      pushed back the catch. Then he flung open the window, and putting his
hope -      the time comes we'll all hope for a place in your book."
grange -      Abbey Grange in which this midnight tragedy had been enacted. At
how -      "How is the betting?"
river -      "Well, we reckoned we'd strike another river soon, d'ye see. But
stand -      body might stand for Vermissa Valley, or that this very valley which
brixton -      'If the lady who fainted on Brixton bus'--she does not interest me.
newfoundland -      thick-necked Newfoundland. We heard the rattle of falling metal, and
steps -      steps to the whip, but before he could grasp it there was a wild
baldwin -      between Baldwin and McMurdo
eye -      mortal eye has rested upon. And even as they looked the thing tore
rise -      twenty-four hours, and they in turn have given rise to some
read -      suppliers. Now, look at that third name. Just read it out to me."
reading -      papers. As he is reading them I will jump for him and get my grip on
more -      "Nothing more that you can remember?"
flat -      into four. This he opened and spread flat upon the table. Across the
old -      "He is the son of the old caretaker, who is dead. They have looked
borne -      fall was borne back to my ears.
princetown -      "It is Selden, the man who escaped from Princetown."
well -      "Well, it's early days. If your heart is as big as your body, and
how -      "Then how many are there?"
cargo -      the ship were held back for cargo I would have a whole week at a
cliff -      left! On that side a ridge of rocks ended in a sheer cliff which
deal -      trampled up a good deal. No doubt many feet have been here since
spring -      sharp spring like a viper's tooth emerges as you open it. I dare say
true -      "'"I'd a partner," said he, "a rare good man, as true as a stock to a
heath -      heath on one side and an old yew hedge upon the other, surrounding a
way -      forward! Why should such a message stop in such a way? I should put
horner -      "Hotel Cosmopolitan Jewel Robbery. John Horner, 26, plumber, was
dull -      dull blue flame which flickered from a small brass tripod in the
lead -      face that a train of thought had been started. But it did not lead
bath -      will have a regular prison bath; and I think, if you saw him, you
well -      "'Yes, I knew him well; in fact, he was an old suitor of mine. Thank
row -      more row I'll open the kennels and let out forty-three dogs upon
point -      point. I have a professional commission for you, but absolute secrecy
way -      must be presented in such a way as may interest the reader. The
town -      Joseph--the Mr. Harrison whom you saw just now--was in town, and that
how -      to be correct. Yes, yes; I think I see how we should approach it."
well -      "Mine stands well back from the road and is more private than most.
rise -      hardly rise above the common herd. That d might be an a, and that l
success -      Do you think he expects to make a success of it?"
more -      more to be done here, Watson. I think we might drive round to the
plymouth -      Plymouth, allowing much of your property to go on to Africa, I will
moor -      struck across the peaty, russet moor, intersected with a thousand
piece -      important piece of evidence which was found clasped in the dead man's
home -      for a voyage round the world. He had come home and then had almost at
walls -      of places. The half-panelled walls may well have belonged to the
well -      a billet placed lengthwise, which might very well become indented at
town -      windows are all lighting up, and you'll have the whole town here
bridge -      side. Our guide paused at the mouth of this bridge, and he pointed to
touch -      possessed of extraordinary delicacy of touch, as I frequently had
pulley -      them some sort of block or pulley which might serve as a gallows.
pocket -      glass from his pocket. With these two implements he trotted
hound -      "Watson," said the baronet, "it was the cry of a hound."
court -      court. I knew of their guilt though, and I determined that I should
norwood -                The Adventure of the Norwood Builder
stand -      "That is a possible solution--in fact, as matters stand, it is the
county -      family, and our reputation in the county, and our pride in our
barnes -      "Surely, Mr. Barnes! We certainly shall. By the way, that was a most
street -      Meanwhile, please send by messenger, to await return at Baker Street,
point -      find that each throws light upon the other. That point is the request
flash -      assure us that the light was still there, ready to flash out at a
how -      "How deep is it?"
kent -      passing over an angle of Surrey, and ending in Kent. See that light
stapleton -      her. She would have nothing to do with it, and for a time Stapleton
success -      his excellent appetite was an assurance of success, for I had very
london -      unfortunate man at this moment in London. For Heaven's sake don't
valley -      Darkly the shadow lay upon the Valley of Fear. The spring had come
stock -      short stock with the long lash which we had noticed during the day.
well -      striking-looking fellow, very well equipped to steal the heart of a
old -      had wronged me understand that his old sin had found him out. It
rose -      With a few hurried words as to our plans for the morrow he rose and
old -      help should come to the aid of the sturdy old farmer and his adopted
mapleton -      westward which marked the Mapleton stables. We all sprang out with
more -      has entered it never to leave it more. But our trap should be here."
rose -      Lestrade rose in his triumph and bent his head to look. "Why," he
true -      "But it is profoundly true. Singularity is almost invariably a clue.
more -      at the time, and the son was following him. He thought no more of the
way -      peremptory way to his sister, who, after an irresolute glance at Sir
high -      "'High red house with white stone facings. Third floor. Second window
charles -      of Charles for several days in the course of the Civil War, and
more -      man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful
read -      nothing until you read the reports of the death in the paper?"
quick -      brains that God has given me? Quick, man, quick! It's life or
quick -      in his quick, clear way.
oaken -      It was a very large and high chamber, with carved oak ceiling, oaken
well -      Holmes grinned at the last item. "Well," he said, "I say now, as I
london -      the plans for Sir Charles, and with a contractor from London, so that
more -      was sorry? Not I! It was his life or mine, but far more than that it
westbury -      "No signs of any mental excitement? Come, Miss Westbury, be
steel -      nerves of steel, this man; for though the whole weight of the affair
moor -      The sun was setting and turning the rolling Hampshire moor into a
plantation -      perhaps to these very gipsies in the plantation. I do not know
more -      buried behind them, with the intention of returning for them in more
borne -      cardiac exhaustion. This explanation was borne out by the post-mortem
douglas -      Douglas in a boarding house in London, did you not, and became
friendly -      all-round scholar. He and I were always friendly from the day I came
wish -      make myself known to my old comrades?  Even my wish for revenge would
way -      McMurdo pushed open the swinging door of the saloon and made his way
cairns -      moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. A cold wind
edge -      path and walked over the edge of one of the small landing-places for
surrey -      bi-weekly North Surrey Observer. Under a series of flaming headlines,
gale -      and a week's southerly gale, when we picked up a little craft that
station -      nightfall, taking their station at the top of a steep hill, where his
eye -      Our young companion looked at me with a twinkle in his eye.
well -      "'Good! That's a promise,' said he, rising from his chair. 'Well, I'm
eye -      "What's up, then?" asked Holmes with a twinkle in his eye. "You look
hope -      of hope in the question?
well -      "Well, gentlemen, you have the drop on me this time. I seem to have
turn -      With this short preface I shall turn to my notes of what proved to be
boscombe -      the west of England in connection with Boscombe Valley tragedy. Shall
ashes -      for example, is one 'Upon the Distinction between the Ashes of the
hammer -      of the fireplace--a substantial, workmanlike hammer. Cecil Barker
pocket -      pocket all the credit. That comes of being an unofficial personage."
true -      always be true to him. Mother said he was quite right to make me
temple -      however, they separated, he driving back to the Temple, and she to
send -      him to let me find out Miss Morstan's address and send her a detached
clapham -      "'If you walk on a mile or so to Clapham Junction,' said he, 'you'll
market -      under the full market price. It is not a common experience among
letters -      now, Doctor, we can do nothing until the answers to those letters
twenty -      the queerest men.  He's always there from quarter to five to twenty
box -      conviction with them. Having done this, you must at once put the box
wall -      wall, and I understood that I was in a passage. We passed along it,
pitt -      "Come instantly, 131, Pitt Street, Kensington.
letters -      so far as these letters would seem to indicate."
stream -      recognised character in the City. All day a stream of pennies, varied
letters -      upon the fly-leaf. Two letters--one addressed to E. J. Drebber and
edge -      air, tottered for a moment upon the edge of the precipice, and then
well -      your man picked her up, and it all ends well. We can't arrest without
shade -      me that the pallid features of the butler turned a shade paler still
coast -      Then, having given him the idea that the coast was clear, I kept
more -      it was so. I passed round the garden without seeing anything more
point -      Can you not clear up the last point in this mystery, and tell us the
abbey -      Abbey Grange in which this midnight tragedy had been enacted. At
wall -      covered (and still covers) the south wall she came down from under
how -      home, but no father ever returned to tell them how he had fared at
hope -      this case, but that I have every hope of reaching some conclusion. It
point -      "Upon what point?"
horner -      dressing-table. Ryder instantly gave the alarm, and Horner was
well -      "Well, really, I came to seek a theory, not to propound one. I have
hope -      please, we will get off on what I hope is the last stage of our
old -      arrived at the strange old rambling house which my client had
stand -      is myself. I could not stand the scandal and publicity which would
old -      picture of an old family home? To think that this should be the same
hargrave -      belonging to a man named Hargrave, who had taken a room there two
hope -      past constancy, and can but hope that some return has been made in
hope -      could hope to learn anything from it. Still I had had such
way -      door, and strolled down the street in an easy, lounging way. I saw
athelney -      that it is being prosecuted by Mr. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard,
hope -      overcoat. "You have given me fresh life and hope. I shall certainly
laid -      chair, but Holmes shook his head and I laid it down again. With bow,
rooms -      smell of powder from the moment that they ran out of their rooms upon
way -      penetrating eyes. "Nothing here," he said, at last. "By the way, I
white -      "A white cock," said he. "Most interesting! It is really a very
well -      very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to
hope -      is. I hope that I may be back in a few hours." He cut a slice of beef
way -      "You do what you think is your duty the best way you can, Councillor.
well -      I did not dispose of it? I answer, because I was well convinced that
station -      houses until you got half way to the station. My business took me
well -      "'Well,' said he, 'the fact is that I have heard some really
hans -      collection. I shall be the Hans Sloane of my age."
well -      "He is very well, thank you."
more -      reasons why the more daring criminals of London should take a
stair -      been at the foot of the stair within a very few seconds of her
latimer -      England.  While there she had met a young man named Harold Latimer,
well -      "Well, we must go now and look for that."
douglas -      "That's the past, Mr. Douglas," said Sherlock Holmes quietly. "What
well -      "Well, I guess you'll have to fix me up also. I'm not staying is this
butt -      butt, but there was some strange outlandish blood in the man, which
rode -      fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor. One,
wooden -      blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a
law -      fear," said he. "You may find worse dangers than the English law, or
raise -      the honor of your mother, by the cross of your faith, to raise no
point -      thought the point of the second stain not corresponding with the
way -      Holmes had in some way ruffled our visitor, whose chubby face had
stair -      editor at the head of the stair, the criminals rushed down and made
well -      "Well, it might be so. Or--well, there is an alternative. Now to
woodley -      to know what they were after. Two days ago Woodley came up to my
march -      book. It was headed, "March, 1869," and beneath were the following
turn -      at me, closed my door, and a few moments later I heard her key turn
eye -      with his fist over the eye, and felled me to the ground. I must have
well -      woman has been with her twice when she was well on, but she could get
rose -      As the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the
how -      long-suffering public, you will recognize how often the grotesque has
pocket -      The object which he held up to me was a small pocket or pouch woven
high -      opened. One of these windows was turned towards the high road, and
wales -      hundred and fifty thousand acres. Minerals in Lancashire and Wales.
london -      disguise during the short time that he need be in London; or, again,
bridge -      "And yet, Watson--and yet! This bridge--a single broad span of stone
lady -      off the sideboard. Lady Brackenstall thinks that they were themselves
loose -      dread." I took out my notebook and scribbled one word upon a loose
bow -      chair, but Holmes shook his head and I laid it down again. With bow,
chase -      seemed to dilate with a purely animal lust for the chase, and his
scott -      John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"
london -      "It's a very cheery thing to come into London by any of these lines
hill -      to the Crow Hill, a huge business which was in strong hands which had
wish -      mine here, Mr. Isa Whitney, and I wish to speak with him."
white -      I seemed to discern some signs of emotion upon the butler's white
rock -      still in store for me. A huge rock, falling from above, boomed past
deal -      assistance to you, coupled with the fact that there is a good deal of
quick -      She looked at me with a quick, questioning smile. "Why do you say
blacker -      make it blacker," he remarked as the cab lumbered off. "His coming
stand -      E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name
start -      "Before the what?" asked Holmes with a start.
scott -      the documents in the extraordinary case of the Gloria Scott, and this
avenue -      which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection
london -      take the letter to an Embassy in London, as likely as not."
banks -      the banks of the Amazon. Do what I might, she was as devoted as ever.
beach -      admirable beach extends for some miles in each direction, save only
rooms -      get someone to go halves with him in some nice rooms which he had
aldershot -      "Could you go as far as Aldershot to-morrow?"
hayes -      Hayes is taken? I am right glad to hear it, if it will not react upon
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer and Sir Henry Baskerville in the morning."
north -      which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge.
box -      my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have
beddington -      behind. There could be no doubt that Beddington had obtained entrance
way -      to leave it, and that if she really wanted me to go, the only way to
read -      of the coronet and of Arthur's face, she read the whole story and,
weald -      the great Weald forest, which thins away until it reaches the
manor -      with Douglas ever since he took the Manor House five years ago. He
more -      "There is something devilish in this, Watson," said he, more moved
town -      "But it is quite a town. When was it inhabited?"
stanger -      Herald has taken so uncompromising a stand. Mr. Stanger's many
read -      when I read what you have just heard. I at once saw the horrible
start -      with his daughter all dressed and ready for a start. The greeting
bank -      rolled slowly into one dense bank, on which the upper floor and the
stamford -      took Archie Stamford, the forger. Now, Miss Violet, what has happened
mark -      mark the pathway through the mire. Oh, if I could only have plucked
point -      I was on the point of asking him what that work might be, but
desborough -      front. Before they reached us, however, Desborough's bolt was shot,
true -      the true beauties of the moor."
ashen -      Our visitor's face had turned ashen gray as he listened to the words
read -      would not read that excellent local compilation which described the
old -      in the direction of the old hat--"but there are points in connection
well -      "Well! Am I right?"
old -      his eyebrows, and Alec Cunningham burst into a laugh. The old
street -      burst out laughing as we turned down the street. "Excellent!" said
avenue -      near the gate of the avenue. The wagonette was paid off and ordered
oval -      side-streets to the east of the Oval. The men whom we pursued seemed
lead -      which lead up from the hall to this room."
blackness -      vague outline of a man, a shade blacker than the blackness of the
more -      nothing amused him more at the end of a successful case than to hand
well -      "Well, obviously it could not have been meant for the son. The son,
well -      of its web, but that web has a thousand radiations, and he knows well
eye -      eye.
boot -      missing boot there will be trouble. I can take a joke with the best,
law -      the law, and that I have come at last to be a law to myself. So it
quarter -      watch--"in exactly one hour and a quarter."
began -      accustomed, sir--" he began, but mastered his anger and resumed his
park -      was a pond in the park, and to this my friend led the way. It was
central -      Mr. Horace Harker and the subscribers of the Central Press Syndicate.
more -      could have been more admirable than his way of putting it. I at once
river -      "Could it have gone up the river?"
london -      London. Yes, it was her first voyage--she had never been from home
well -      "Well, I dare say he knows one or two more."
van -      before Sunday. He knows nothing of Van Seddar."
sheet -      Holmes inspected the sheet of paper.
mark -      his cane he struck the ledge several times without leaving a mark.
cunningham -      "I had a little talk with old Cunningham afterwards as to the motive
quarter -      "No, sir, but she gave hard cash, and plenty of it. A quarter's rent
well -      "Well, there's no use my telling you gentlemen what came of the
read -      overturned bee-hive. Have you read up the case?"
well -      "Well, we may have to apply to you again if Mrs. Barclay should prove
began -      last the little money which I had saved began to run short, and I was
haven -      man who is master of his own house. I suppose you haven't such a
beach -      and they looked down upon the broad sweep of the beach at the foot of
wish -      "But why should you wish to go into so horrible a place?"
baldwin -      Besides the chairman and Baldwin there were the vulture-faced
street -      "I was looking out for loiterers in the street, but I saw none. We
box -      tin box, and that he could afford now to pay me well for keeping my
pocket -      found in the pocket of the deceased was a letter from you saying that
well -      "'Very well,' said he, 'you shall know all about the machine.' He
more -      But now there was nothing more to be done, and I had leisure to
reading -      moment. By the way, I have been reading a short but clear and
water -      beyond it, so that the sheet of water, though turbid, was never
deal -      Lestrade gazed at my companion that he had learned a good deal since
ash -      there is as much difference between the black ash of a Trichinopoly
lady -      I have seen this young lady it is very possible that I may be of more
start -      "I suppose that everyone finds his first independent start in
well -      "Well, some hundreds of times."
more -      reconsider it. We can do nothing more until we have a message from
read -      "Well, well, it just happens that I have already read all the
true -      "Quite true, Watson. The telegram still remains the only solid thing
how -      "My dear fellow, how can you possibly be so sure of that?"
hope -      "'Ah, boys,' said he, forcing a smile, 'I hope I haven't frightened
charles -      to discover the body of Sir Charles, and we had only his word for all
stapleton -      Stapleton's house, for example, with no one but himself to defend it.
city -      John Ferrier went in to Salt Lake City, and having found his
way -      not molest me in any way, but still it certainly was very odd. I
way -      "It's best this way, Jack," his wife repeated; "I am sure that it is
well -      "I'm very well where I am."
hamlet -      J.P., and a landed proprietor. Donnithorpe is a little hamlet just to
true -      out with the thoroughness of the true artist. Thank you, Watson, you
holborn -      outside the Holborn Bar-- What! you're not going?"
mason -      White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at
more -      minute or more, waiting to see which was to live and which was to
spring -      his spring to the door. I had stood for some minutes looking at the
wood -      fire. The engines were soon upon the spot, but the dry wood burned
village -      not pass through the village to reach the park gates, and there are
sudden -      conversation, ending in a sudden dreadful cry in the man's voice,
moat -      "You mean that someone waded across the moat?"
letters -      letters, and supposing that the name was that of some house or inn at
how -      Buda-Pesth.  It told how two Englishmen who had been traveling with a
flat -      that window. It is evidently an empty flat to which the confederate
way -      reach of the hound and began to provoke it in every possible way. He
roadside -      So Mr. Amberley and I found ourselves on the roadside in what seemed
wall -      at the scientific charts upon the wall, the acid-charred bench of
tone -      "Holmes!" he cried. "Holmes!" in the insistent tone of one who
london -      under different names, of course; but who in all London would have
camberwell -      in Lower Camberwell: so it is not very far. I will wait for you here
well -      you are far from well."
more -      "He came again and again. Yet I was aware that Gennaro was no more
more -      your left. You have worked with it, and the muscles are more
glass -      the lines of polished barrels behind glass covers, to be the gun-room
frame -      from a frame of white hair, and his precious volumes, a dozen of them
more -      "Well, I never thought that I should see anything more of the Russian
douglas -      Douglas. When on the top of this I am able to show that the blood
rugby -      The big Rugby three-quarter was trembling all over. Holmes put his
old -      band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the
raise -      could raise or borrow is on the horse--and at fine odds, too! You can
wish -      now, and when you go downstairs just say that I wish to see Brunton."
well -      "Well, that would be too much to say. I have discovered a suggestive
well -      it," said the inspector with a grin. "Well, I have been twenty-seven
true -      "Because he so far forgot himself as to tell you a true piece of
flash -      saw the sudden flash of a dark lantern inside the room. What he
way -      there was no other way. Then, when everything was fixed, he rang the
water -      "It is nothing," she said, as I hastened to pour her out some water.
station -      "I've had a plain-clothes man waiting at the station all the week.
well -      "Well, young man, I can't call your face to mind."
street -      street or else burned in effigy, according to his latest exploit. He
well -      taken an interest in the case and may as well stick to us."
scotland -      you drove home after the concert I called upon Scotland Yard and upon
box -      box wrapper. Brown paper, with a distinct smell of coffee. What, did
point -      the room. That is a very important point. The presumption is that it
stone -      "A diamond, sir? A precious stone. It cuts into glass as though it
high -      years of storm. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. The
main -      These were the main points of the servants' evidence. In answer to
more -      you know, and I sometimes think that my father may have told him more
america -      America with him, so that I found myself without a situation. I
openshaw -      of the Openshaw unbreakable tire, and his business met with such
musgrave -      the strange catechism to which each Musgrave had to submit when he
london -      have to look to London before we are through. Anyhow, I'm not ashamed
bow -      fitting a flint-tipped arrow on to the string of his bow, you would
messing -      and messing up all the trails. There has been nothing like this that
stones -      tearing sound, one of the broad, white stones turned over upon its
quick -      bitter end. Faces to the south, then, and quick march!"
point -      "That is certainly a possible point of view. On the face of it you
lady -      reputation-- But the lady has fainted! I think that Mr. Kent had
well -      that makes a fair night's work. Well, here we are at Chislehurst
true -      young man's story were absolutely true, then what hellish thing, what
way -      practice), when my way led me through Baker Street. As I passed the
well -      "I was only testing you, and you ring true every time. Well, it is a
old -      family hell-hound, and by the desire to frighten old Sir Charles to
london -      "On the contrary, we both go back to London by the night train."
way -      "'Come, come!' said he, in his bustling way. 'It's the old story.
how -      "Then how did you get at Mr. Douglas and the fact that he had been
well -      "Well!" cried Boss McGinty at last. "Is he here? Is Birdy Edwards
way -      voyage round the world. His health was in a poor way after his
white -      made the white face of her companion the more worn and haggard by the
well -      well filled with spring flowers. Towards this garden the window of
tor -      the tor. Do not think that it was a delusion, Holmes. I assure you
reach -      letter posted up to early morning would reach Sir Henry before he
more -      stronger, her cheek more rudy, and her step more elastic. Many a
more -      with many loopholes. To right and left of the turrets were more
well -      "Very good; we shall wire to him, and see if all is well, and if a
start -      "'Don't be frightened,' said my employer, laughing at the start which
london -      disposed of the body that night, and within a few days the London
station -      days now, and the warders watch every road and every station, but
began -      on earth--" I began, but Holmes answered my question before it was
stone -      The whole steep slope was covered with gray circular rings of stone,
stand -      gravel-drive, and the carriage came to a stand. Colonel Lysander
read -      "I've read of some folk of that name."
shade -      "The dress which I found waiting for me was of a peculiar shade of
wooden -      right leg off, and wearing a wooden stump which is worn away upon the
rope -      collecting the evidence which may put a rope round the necks of many
milverton -      a smile, and a twinkle Milverton was out of the room, and a few
mortimer -      now, Dr. James Mortimer--"
glass -      forward his glass with some eagerness.
more -      "Because he foresaw that she would be very much more useful to him in
way -      slipped out of my window and made my way as silently as possible to
inch -      inch of the way. But I should never have had the wit to think of such
moor -      coroner said. Look at the noises on the moor at night. There's not a
mark -      window and made the mark on the sill to give an idea of how the
street -      into the main street. "Quite a little parlour game--sort of
ball -      Reading. Then he suddenly rolled them all into a gigantic ball and
rooms -      weather and these rooms are cold.'
street -      "Was the street empty then?"
old -      "Really, sir, you compliment me. Old Baron Dowson said the night
more -      make it more so. But beware of what? Wait a bit, he is coming to the
simpson -      Therefore Simpson becomes eliminated from the case, and our attention
south -      Come, now, we shall see who agrees with you. I say it is south, for
point -      able to point out the exact spot where the murderer had broken
street -      back, and leaving my cab in a side street, I went boldly up to the
close -      with its wheels close to the curb. Now, up to last night, we have had
old -      old sucking the blood of the young in order to retain their youth."
quarter -      A quarter of an hour passed and then a second cyclist appeared. This
way -      iron-working settlements was slowly groaning its way up the steep
mason -      Mason, I claim the right to work in my own way and give my results at
rose -      the lock to work." He rose and showed a double-radiating disc round
way -      "Very good. Come this way, if you please." He led us down a passage,
how -      hand, and that it was impossible for me to say how late I might be.
wish -      world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. I must go out alone."
middle -      his hobby--the music of the Middle Ages. But when, for the fourth
began -      enquiries entirely without avail. This morning I began very early,
ash -      tobacco. Having found the ash, I then looked round and discovered the
mark -      "Certainly not!" he cried.  "But it has the hotel mark upon it!  Ha,
high -      jutted out the grey gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
mortimer -      "But Dr. Mortimer was no doubt already stopping there?"
norwood -      Norwood case?"
coat -      "Give me your coat and umbrella," said Holmes. "They may rest here on
lover -      and talked to her lover through the window which leads into the
stand -      gentle creaking as the window was very slowly opened. I could stand
more -      I had often admired my friend's courage, but never more than now, as
rattle -      and I heard faintly the rattle of the wheels as the carriage drove
wall -      on the wall. Two others remained there, and there was a vacant place
way -      she might try to lie her way out by a total denial, since all
hilton -      "Mrs. Hilton Cubitt was seriously injured and is at death's door."
how -      want to know, mister, is how the coppers know these things? Steiner
douglas -      Douglas himself," said Holmes. "He is just over fifty, with grizzled
wish -      money nor credit in it, and yet one would wish to tidy it up. When
well -      specimen of an absolutely unique set of Ming china. You may as well
quick -      next morning. That's quick work, you know."
lake -      event, and in any case the expanse of a reed-filled lake is no easy
pinner -      "You forget, Mr. Pinner, that I am here by appointment to receive
well -      "Well, well, I'll drop past history and get down to present-day
rise -      the moon to rise behind me?"
court -      stand. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a narrow
turn -      "No, my dear fellow, it is at the hour of action that I turn to you
lead -      lead me to the truth concerning both the butler Brunton and the maid
stair -      when you hear a step upon the stair which is walking into your life,
cross -      between the Grand Hotel and Charing Cross Station, where a one-legged
city -      for silver, and were returning to Salt Lake City in the hope of
street -      until we emerged into Farrington Street.
toller -      sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to
white -      a loose white necktie--the whole effect being that of a very rustic
strand -      short stories, appeared in The Strand Magazine. The public seemed
mere -      make you the victim of what may seem a mere whim, but on my life,
lock -      He examined the lock of the safe, the door of the room, and finally
bristol -      as far as he knew, was in Bristol. It was mere chance that he was
way -      way has escaped destruction. Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see
real -      "Everyone knows her. She is the beauty of the neighbourhood--a real
hope -      one--segregation for life among strangers with never a hope of
walls -      inadequate a purpose. The walls were of wood, but the floor consisted
more -      "I think," said he, "that we shall be of more use in London than in
how -      this man know that you lived here, or how to get into your house, or
way -      "Why, of course I shall go if you look at it in that way," said he.
read -      you must have read about Lord St. Simon and his wedding?"
stand -      while we await them. Do you stand at the gate, Mahomet Singh, and
point -      "The Coroner: What was the point upon which you and your father had
forest -      crag and tangled forest. Above the dark and often scarcely penetrable
london -      be needed. That telegram from London, if mentioned by Sir Henry to
den -      until four in the afternoon, I waited in my little den, until at last
way -      all the way down, though a cab or two went past me. I was a strollin'
south -      Baden and South America. I am as sure of that as that my own name is
reach -      deep, and he was senseless before we could reach them and drag the
more -      being more curious still."
sound -      sound--low, but very distinct in the quiet of the night. It came from
catch -      "He was in the house about half an hour, and I could catch glimpses
elms -      "'There are no other elms?'
touch -      tell you that I never can resist a touch of the dramatic."
lady -      his gaze I saw the picture of a regal and stately lady in Court
worth -      then he is indeed worth meeting. May I ask his name?"
gang -      easily cowed, as you have seen. He is one of the Spencer John gang
lady -      The butler had hardly closed the door behind him when Lady Hilda was
old -      days later they were married in Chicago, with old Jacob Shafter as
high -      exercised in so pitiless a fashion, he was a high public official, a
hayes -      Mr. Reuben Hayes was arrested at Chesterfield on my information at
court -      window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college. A
lead -      lost lead pencils and giving advice to young ladies from
prospect -      It was not a cheering prospect. Through the growing gloom there
wilson -      "Oh, he has his faults, too," said Mr. Wilson. "Never was such a
middle -      In the middle of the floor of the empty room was huddled the figure
dull -      Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by the coarse
lady -      lady is in the hands of a most infernal couple, who will stick at
start -      It may be remembered that after my marriage, and my subsequent start
more -      and seem to know more than we do, but the time has come when we feel
eye -      was about to sit down when his eye rested upon the paper with the
close -      "We're at close grips at last," said Holmes as we walked together
how -      "He may find his way in, but never out," she cried. "How can he see
street -      as bachelors in Baker Street. It is possible that I might have placed
well -      from the first with a persistent hatred. You may well ask me why,
well -      "Well," said he, curtly, "you are nearly half an hour late."
lyons -      The first impression left by Mrs. Lyons was one of extreme beauty.
old -      dates in the old files of the paper, and I find that the
how -      speech, so far removed from his usual suavity, showed me how deep was
old -      excitement, "you won't gain anything by sitting keening like an old
well -      entering the room fell into a chair? You had forgotten? Well I can
mason -      "These are deep waters, Mr. Mason; deep and rather dirty. You say
more -      cold-blooded business in which he had been concerned, but even more
street -      'Inspector Stanley Hopkins, 46, Lord Street, Brixton. Come breakfast
middle -      middle age. In an instant he had passed his arm round the figure and
steps -      corridor and down the steep steps which led to Charles Street. The
woking -      Briarbrae, Woking.
boundary -      fifty yards across, is situated at the boundary between the Hatherley
wash -      "He certainly needs a wash," remarked Holmes. "I had an idea that he
brunton -      "'For two days after this Brunton was most assiduous in his attention
forest -      town, and I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shingle
high -      has wasted your gifts, you have! You might have aimed high, if you
well -      "Well, I have set my mind on many things in this life, and never one
letters -      bundle of letters would give more joy than all the candelabra and
more -      the quarters, and I thought more than once that it had stopped. At
how -      house in the trade, and have been this twenty years. How many had I?
well -      English. Well, we can only possess our soul in patience until this
well -      She put her hand in his without a word. "Well, then, listen to what I
shelf -      shelf than elsewhere. It may have been a book lying on its side. It
more -      or more he was at work, returning at last with his feet heavy with
hope -      us, she gave a cry of hope which sank into a groan as she saw that my
green -      green baize one within and a heavy oak one without. As I approached
mason -      "That's what puzzles me, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason. "If the
green -      nine, and the landlady babbled of green peas at seven-thirty. What
camberwell -      It was evening before I left Camberwell, and quite dark by the time I
stripes -      5. Duke of Balmoral's Iris. Yellow and black stripes.
angle -      departed. Crouching together in the angle of the door, we kept our
norbury -      Norbury."
high -      preparation for submarine attack, the arrangements for making high
lady -      It was a lady's hand-bag which stood upon the study table--a trim
city -      night's adventures. We had left the damp fog of the great city behind
more -      speculations of a more general character. I have serious thoughts of
more -      more startling now that it came so closely upon them. They broke up
street -      perfectly simple. You, of course, saw that everyone in the street was
simpson -      Fitzroy Simpson's shoes, and a cast horseshoe of Silver Blaze."
station -      however, for, after accompanying us down to the station and seeing us
stair -      stair by Mr. Barker?"
hobson -      McMurdo went to Hobson's Patch as agreed. The police seemed to take
wilson -      Wilson between three and four this morning. My word! I made the old
way -      way," said I.
more -      very large one. It is equally certain that this house cannot be more
brixton -      two in the morning Drebber had been found in the Brixton Road. The
sovereign -      "The matter is very important. I would offer you a sovereign for the
laid -      contracted, his eyes vacant and far away. Finally he laid down his
ross -      Colonel Ross, who had shown some signs of impatience at my
town -      when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down
north -      from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or
more -      I known my friend more moved, and yet the dark street still stretched
reach -      or of Blackfeet may occasionally traverse it in order to reach other
wish -      he does not wish their intimacy to ripen into love, and I have
lady -      We had ascertained from the lady that she went down upon the Monday
old -      shadows and mystery. There was a butler, old Ralph, who seemed about
shoscombe -      want to see me to get the last news of Shoscombe Prince."
law -      there is no law to stop you. I have money enough and to spare. Never
well -      "Well, that is part of the risk. There is no other possible way of
burrow -      stop for rest or food until I run him to his burrow."
water -      blackmail out of the whole countryside--was spent like water in the
breach -      as I imagine, there is no breach of the law in this matter, you can
brougham -      London growler is considerably less wide than a gentleman's brougham.
wish -      you want to hear my story I have no wish to hold it back. What I say
well -      "Well, sir, it wakened me from my sleep, and so it is hard to judge.
well -      "He is asleep," said he. "You can see him very well."
lock -      surely offer a price for it without buying you out, lock, stock, and
hope -      do I hope that I may be of use to you.  I think I can prove that the
white -      hundreds in this great city who turn white at his name. No one knows
wish -      more than this when you first spoke to me, why should you not wish
surrey -      had not met Barker, Watson. He is my hated rival upon the Surrey
old -      of the old man, and I knew that his heart was weak."
central -      coming at once from the central guard. As the guard was a good two
well -      "'"Very well, indeed."
london -      "He will come to London with us."
rose -      to the ham and eggs. Then he rose, lit his pipe, and settled himself
valley -      sends forth emissaries of murder may be that Valley of Fear of which
creed -      being so, it is impossible that you, who profess the holy creed,
way -      capable hands, clear a way for him through a hostile crowd. He
deal -      not get on without you.  If you deal fair with us you'll not regret
close -      close upon her track.
mark -      "That is unlikely. There was no mark on any of them, as far as I
steps -      it up the steps to the hall door. Mr. Holmes, it was a coffin."
chalk -      the great chalk cliff in which Von Bork, like some wandering eagle,
county -      the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is
sheet -      was as we had left it, save that a sheet had been draped over the
laid -      pointing to the toes. Then he laid upon the table a long, deadly,
more -      side upon it. Mr. Mortimer Tregennis was more self-contained than the
musgrave -      Besides, there was no real difficulty. I went with Musgrave to his
common -      the spatulate finger-end, Watson, which is common to both
way -      not that they should have the same tooth stuffed in the same way. He
devonshire -      could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A
well -      had indeed been a very remarkable woman. Her voice, too, was well
moor -      find some very singular points about the moor, Dr. Watson. Oh, excuse
deal -      complication to deal with, and that with a little tact and management
burn -      "But why in the world would anyone want to burn the bones of a man
more -      "You don't like being beaten any more than the rest of us do," said
station -      Station, and that in his haste and the extreme darkness he missed his
hope -      quite beyond my power, and I could only hope that by economy I might
common -      remembered as a common cut-throat."
tore -      It was the maid with a telegram. Holmes tore it open and burst out
tone -      features. It was he who at once, in an incisive and positive tone,
quarter -      hour and a quarter, yet it appeared to me that the night must have
press -      "Mr. Holmes, I must beg you not to press that question. It is
grey -      showing up hard and bright against the grey rocks behind. At the
haven -      "But we haven't opposed him yet," her father answered. "It will be
stone -      the stone is in Liverpool. Confound that whining music; it gets on my
mere -      inches long--not a mere scratch, but a positive cut. Not only this,
frost -      crackling fire, for a sharp frost had set in, and the windows were
street -      "Come instantly, 131, Pitt Street, Kensington.
more -      "One night he lost even more heavily than usual. I was sitting in my
station -      "There's one thing," said I, as we walked down to the station.  "If
old -      Holmes. "There were three of them in it: the young man, the old man,
how -      understand how this message would, as you say, bring them to a head.
douglas -      "They are poor Douglas's things."
shore -      shore, going at a tremendous rate. Jones looked gravely at her and
box -      She glanced at iron box. "Is that the treasure, then?" she asked,
hound -      there that he kept his hound and there also he had made preparations
more -      must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has
old -      trouble, to me as a doctor, to my wife as an old friend and school
old -      "Nothing except that he is an old soldier."
main -      "Our own colours, green and white. Green open, white shut. Main
dunbar -      Miss Dunbar which would make it appear that she had chosen the scene
how -      Blessington approached me. I won't weary you with the account of how
tor -         The Man on the Tor
cross -      cross somewhere, and it's up to you to find out where it is. Anyhow I
home -      walked home. All evening, though I tried to think of other things, my
how -      with his own strong hand he killed the monster! Oh, Gennaro, how
reading -      more than I do, very like, since reading is not in my line. I only
gravel -      they vanished close to the gravel path which leads out of the
how -      remember how he pulled it up in order to swing open the window. I
way -      "Such hounds have a way sooner or later of biting the hand that feeds
flat -      sat at the head with a flat black velvet cap upon his shock of
how -      "How came he, then?" I reiterated. "The door is locked, the window is
way -      he was afraid of. He took revenge in his own way by torturing me more
more -      one. The more outrÃ© and grotesque an incident is the more carefully
way -      some vague idea that I might in some way get a clue to what this
well -      this shadow was certainly not that of Peter Carey, whom he knew well.
station -      in the station if we hadn't been so took up."
south -      going out to South Africa at once.'"
london -      most truculent figures in London, we stole up to the silent, gloomy
laid -      Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me. Though
quarter -      "In the Italian quarter?"
stapleton -      have given me. The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in
kilburn -      carry my stone to Kilburn. There was a little shed in the yard, and
eye -      across the road was painful to the eye. It was hard to believe that
sound -      laid down his burden, and the next instant there was the sound of a
point -      that it is found at the very point where the train pitches and sways
way -      "You would be horribly in the way."
park -      Miller Hill is an ill-kept public park in the very centre of the
point -      hairiness was the one point which impressed itself upon Thaddeus
rooms -      minutes. If you care to smoke a cigar in our rooms, Colonel, I shall
wish -      "You wish to employ me as a consulting detective?"
well -      "Well, certainly that would agree with his being found a little later
read -      "Yes, sir, I have already read the account in the evening papers. Mr.
success -      essential to the success of the side. It may, of course, be
sudden -      A sudden idea occurred to me, and I took the candle from the
flat -      marksman's back and hurled him flat upon his face. He was up again in
guards -      surprise to him. What does he do then? He guards himself against a
milverton -      "They are sprightly--very sprightly," Milverton answered. "The lady
valley -      winding, tortuous valley in the centre. Up this the little train was
hatherley -      "'Mr. Hatherley?' said he, with something of a German accent. 'You
sudden -      open for us. A sudden idea seemed to occur to Holmes, for he leaned
old -      It was my old housekeeper who heard of it first by that strange
lewisham -      a summer afternoon I set forth to Lewisham, little dreaming that
borne -      Slowly and solemnly he was borne into Briony Lodge and laid out in
box -      and white ivory box with a sliding lid. It was a neat little thing,
law -      learned caution now, and I had rather play tricks with the law of
charles -      Then, "Who shall have it?" "He who will come." That was Charles the
street -      window, had recognized the vagrant in the street, and had read murder
wheel -      match and held it to the back wheel, and I heard him chuckle as the
success -      without success, though from the marks upon the bark of the trees,
read -      lying open upon the table. "It came by the last post," said he. "Read
edge -      one side of the coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding
well -      "Well, sir, as you put it, perhaps it does."
norwich -      death at the winter assizes at Norwich; but his penalty was changed
hilton -      "You gave me a few particulars in your letter, Mr. Hilton Cubitt, but
moor -      trees, as is usual upon the moor, were stunted and nipped, and the
den -      had emerged from the opium den, and I was walking down the street
street -      card, and we add him to the Baker Street collection!" He burst into
lake -      grounds. The lake there is eight feet deep, and you can imagine our
london -      rather think you had better come back with me to London by the night
how -      at the very moment when Cecil Barker was discovering the crime. How's
more -      "'That is very awkward. Could I not come at some more convenient
well -      comedy. Well, you shall judge for yourselves.
crew -      herself and her crew. A third case worthy of note is that of Isadora
gale -      southwest gale that brought it up. Come back to my house, both of
how -      yet I am dying to know how you got it and where it was."
london -      "He had, then, several false keys. He took the papers to London to
chemistry -      few experiments in organic chemistry. One day, however, when the
bonds -      vainly wriggled to undo the bonds that held him. As they turned to
close -      "You will kindly close the door," said Holmes. "Now, Bannister, will
tavistock -      every stable and out-house in Tavistock, and for a radius of ten
derbyshire -      mythical Derbyshire.
more -      tumbled, framing theory after theory, each more unlikely than the
field -      field for an acute and original observer, but the other was so
high -      "She is there," said Holmes, and he pointed to a high bookcase in the
more -      change far more quickly than you. His smell would insure that. It was
plump -      over her infantile features. Her plump little white legs terminating
wish -      "I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in
old -      his leg in spirits of wine, and you will find that he is the same old
court -      which would convict in a court of law.  You know my powers, my dear
wish -      "I wish none of their confidences," said Holmes, when I reported to
more -      that his attentions to Ettie had been more evident than before, or
hound -      old hound who hears the view-halloa. He waved his hand to the sofa,
more -      uneven. The numerous gas-lamps served only to show more clearly a
county -      case. I perceive three of the county constabulary in the drive, and I
hope -      searches his private papers in the hope of discovering some
sound -      insidious sound was repeated. Someone was evidently tapping very
street -      down the street and drifts across the duncolored houses. What could
deal -      Barker looked sternly at the detective. "I have seen a good deal of
rose -      Then, after we had sat down for ten minutes or so, she rose
swell -      head is inclined to swell, my dear Watson, take a course of Miss
hail -      melancholy Plumstead Marshes upon the other. At our hail the man in
how -      "How could he be placed there?"
green -      pot of green paint stood in the centre of the hall, and he was
west -      "But I suppose either Sir James, or you, or West has that technical
eye -      glanced my eye over it. It rested upon a heading which sent a chill
mere -      "Watson won't allow that I know anything of art, but that is mere
more -      cliffs together and search for flint arrows. We are more likely to
beach -      ever confronted me. The man had not been on the beach more than a
turn -      "I can see that you have a strong natural turn for this sort of
old -      overmastering dignity which compelled obedience. The old man lay back
how -      until recently been the same, so that it was quite obvious how the
station -      live at no very great distance from Paddington Station, I got a few
lady -      with her. A rather pathetic figure, the Lady Frances, a beautiful
hilton -      down from Mrs. Hilton Cubitt's room, and he reported that her
way -      wants to put himself out of danger's way. But he won't, Watson! By
old -      "'No old ones, but plenty of beeches.'
well -      see this other page in red ink? Well, that is a list of my town
twenty -      The Colonel was very angry. "I have been on the turf for twenty
twenty -      It was twenty minutes, and the reds had all faded into grays before
tore -      the road and tore off at a furious pace in the direction of
london -      accepted the escort of the Shlessingers to London. She had never
musgrave -      "Reginald Musgrave looked at me in astonishment. 'Now that you call
old -      have seen my old friend Watson in the other chair which he has so
law -      the officers of the law shows the great advantage of the presence on
tongue -      business, he said, and as he could speak nothing but his own tongue,
old -      "The old fellow looked diabolical, and I really thought he was about
bank -      bank. But there are always some lunatics about. It would be a dull
worcestershire -      "In Worcestershire the life of a man seems a great and a sacred
more -      "Well, I'll come out by the same train to-morrow, though it's more
more -      followed by cannibalism. The more usual victims are a white cock,
station -      from the time that Drebber parted from Stangerson at the station, up
cabin -      had called it a cabin, and a cabin it was sure enough, for you would
street -      We walked down the quaint village street with a row of pollarded elms
charles -      indications that Sir Charles had stood for some little time here. He
america -      Coast. Thence I went straight to a friend in America. I tell you it
how -      "And how would they bring about our destruction, Mr. Standback?"
lady -      staring with singular intentness at the lady's profile. Surprise and
douglas -      wait upon Mrs. Douglas in her room; but she had replied that she
more -      experience exactly as you have told it to me, or with more detail if
point -      indications seem to me to point in that direction."
more -      London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the
park -      happening at Tuxbury Old Park?"
heath -      away from me down the drive towards the Hall. I ran across the heath
middle -      middle of it. He was able to prove an alibi which could not be
city -      which they had erected in the centre of the city grew ever taller and
hope -      "No, she is not conscious. Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I only hope that if
stone -      rough-hewn stone, and piles of coffins, some of lead and some of
porlock -      that it is Porlock's writing, though I have seen it only twice
eye -      "'If then your eye goes onto read this line, I know that I shall
more -      which gives me one more strong card which I can play in due time.
bristol -      Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. Mark that point.
quick -      woman's quick insight into character.
north -      light wind from the north and east the bark began to draw slowly away
worth -      station master in the west of England. His chair is worth seven
norman -      "'It was there at the Norman Conquest in all probability,' he
carey -      Peter Carey at the hut, quarrelled with him, and killed him with the
more -      which told me that he was off once more upon his congenial hunt.
stanley -      "Now, my fine fellow," said Stanley Hopkins, "who are you, and what
more -      slag-heaps of the mines would not have seemed more surprising. So
stream -      could but sit and listen, cowed with the mighty stream of words. His
stair -      stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize. Godspeed.
den -      den of thieves. Well, well, Mr. Holmes, you'll excuse my troubling
reach -      should reach the ventilator. The sight of the safe, the saucer of
rise -      "You will rise high in your profession. You have instinct and
way -      invaded in this way. However, it is just as well that you should all
high -      at each Holmes produced his pencil chips and bid high for a
hill -      nightfall, taking their station at the top of a steep hill, where his
pool -      in the direction of the Boscombe Pool, with the intention of visiting
fence -      the farmer's eyes bounded by the fence and gate, but neither there
old -      a cleft of the hills there was a circle of the old stone huts, and in
sydenham -      He lived at Sydenham, but he was likely to be in that morning for
west -      Must see you over Cadogen West. Coming at once.
quarter -      "I will order a four-wheeler. In a quarter of an hour we shall be at
well -      "Well, on the road itself?"
racks -      sufficient material is like racing an engine. It racks itself to
more -      "Anything more that you would like to ask, Mr. Holmes?" said
dull -      the long night I still from time to time heard the dull sound of his
point -      if you shift your own point of view a little, you may find it
began -      suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began to
well -      "A fake, is it? Well, strike me! Madame Tussaud ain't in it. It's the
more -      and he can be as dangerous to life as, and far more painful than, the
amberley -      use, " said Amberley with a malevolent scowl. None the less, he kept
turn -      "'Dear me! How very impertinent! Kindly turn round and motion to him
way -      this way?'
triangle -      circle with a triangle within it. "D'you know what that means?"
high -      descended from a high dog-cart. He introduced himself as Inspector
well -      "Well, Mr. Gibson, at least I dismiss you. I should have thought my
more -      face was as impassive as ever, but his lids had drooped more heavily
laid -      become you. You will find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and
moor -      across the moor. "What a nerve the fellow has! How he pulled himself
turn -      Sherlock Holmes laughed heartily. "We will come to that in its turn,"
stair -      stair, out through the open window, threw himself upon his face on
high -      And yet it opened in the blackest disappointment. With high hopes we
lodge -      "So I joined your infernal lodge, and I took my share in your
hatherley -      Hatherley," said he. "Pray, lie down there and make yourself
holborn -      As we made our way to the hospital after leaving the Holborn,
more -      "Sure, Councillor, I am little more than a recruit," said McMurdo;
how -      atrocious. But how are you affected?"
lodge -      Eminent Bodymaster, to you and to every brother in this lodge if I
read -      she read the messages, for once she wrote an answer under one of
rope -      right to them. Tonga then pulled up the rope, closed the window, and
way -      way for some months. There is something distinctly novel about some
court -      you are in court for murder? 'McMurdo the Scowrer,' that's what one
sound -      sound of a closing door. It was not behind me in the house, but ahead
white -      "No, sir. Black with a white band."
how -      "But how came he to have so singular a companion?"
wish -      last night and ensure that justice be done. First of all I wish to
california -      heading to the west, for the gold fever had broken out in California,
grey -      old grey building with its bristling Tudor chimneys, but the drive
close -      feeling very weak and ill. To my surprise there was a house close
ball -      The village shop provided a ball of stout twine.
way -      "Oh, you must not let me influence you in any way! I suggest that you
well -      not very well acquainted with his daily routine. Of course, if they
simpson -      "Good, Simpson!" said Holmes, patting him on the head.  "Come along,
start -      "We must make our start at once," said Jefferson Hope, speaking in a
british -      day before. Then, as the British advanced, they had been brought back
true -      for I know the direction in which your inquiries have run. It is true
more -      of the track, we always succeeded in picking it up once more.
more -      "Not more than a mile or two off."
well -      common sense was still pondering the open window. "It's all very well
woolwich -      forced to go to the Woolwich office for the purpose. And yet here we
gale -      Then come the sudden swirl round of the wind, the blistering gale
more -      old seat once more, for there are several points which I should like
ratcliff -      the Darwinian theory, the principles of Malthus, and the Ratcliff
raise -      the same instant I saw him raise his hand and at the signal I tossed
how -      Henry's request, to show us exactly how everything occurred upon that
more -      more.
more -      more interesting than her little problem, which, by the way, is
rose -      looking considerably better than before. He rose from the sofa and
began -      "Snap goes our third thread, and we end where we began," said he.
box -      between them they tipped the box over the edge. For a minute or two
armitage -      seemed to imply that he had surprised my secret. As Armitage it was
point -      your point of view, it is absolutely essential, for I know all about
south -      in the howling desert of South London."
moss -      jagged stone was lying among the moss, and this also he carefully
eye -      The object which had caught his eye was a small dog lash hung on one
white -      credited him. He was, indeed, a weird figure as he turned his white
well -      "'It is well,' he answered, handing me back my firelock. 'You see
bare -      bare feet projected from his trousers. His head was horribly injured,
steps -      rushed from the room when Holmes, with swift, silent steps, was over
mortimer -      prevent it. You did not know, Dr. Mortimer, that you were followed
spring -      backwards, we picked out another spot, where a spring trickled across
start -      "Then get your revolver and put on your boots. The sooner we start
way -      way through Mycroft.  The problem which we have just listened to,
gang -      remember that Lewisham gang of burglars?"
douglas -      As they reached the bottom of the stair he had seen Mrs. Douglas
quarter -      "That's better," he said. "Well, I waited for a quarter of an hour,
well -      "Well, well, I had no idea I was so obvious a Britisher. But business
wigmore -      observation shows me that you have been to the Wigmore Street
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, I admit that what you say is interesting: it's
town -      extreme fringe of the town and stood well back from the road. In any
old -      in an old black frock coat, which with his soft felt hat and ragged,
america -      of which he never spoke. He had emigrated to America when he was a
way -      "Would you? That is easily done. Come this way. You can leave your
close -      It can be imagined that my close intimacy with Sherlock Holmes had
bank -      the chairman of the bank directors, with the result that you have
lady -      back to this lady in a year, and may her future and yours justify us
more -      the more essential papers, and threw his body from the carriage. That
how -      "And how much was the residue?"
turn -      in turn was led to believe that he had never been in the water. Why,
stair -      are three students who use this stair and are in the habit of passing
pocket -      From his pocket Stanley Hopkins drew a small paper packet. He
breach -      study, the upshot of their conversation was that the breach is quite
portsmouth -      and he and his papers are all in Portsmouth jail. You'll go off and
dull -      "No, no, I am never dull," said she, quickly.
beam -      was an upright beam, which had been placed at some period as a
began -      relatives living, but one day, to my very great surprise, he began to
douglas -      grudge against Mr. Douglas. Since Mr. Douglas has spent most of his
shinwell -      home with me, for the blithe Shinwell will be there with his report."
well -      "You really did it very well. You took me in completely. Until after
wood -      used now, especially for the seasoning of wood. Poor Toby is not to
rose -      one club or other, but he was a cautious player, and usually rose a
shop -      Hudson," said Holmes, as we emerged from the shop. "We have this
tankerville -      you saved him in the Tankerville Club scandal."
banks -      is not yet twenty years old. It was found in the banks of the Amoy
white -      and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white letters, upon a corner
lover -      lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have
old -      Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old khitmutgar and Williams with me.
lodge -      that this is too vital a thing for us to discuss in open lodge. God
sea -      Sea. The government was compelled, therefore, to use smaller and less
true -      held true to me, and it seemed that I would have had her when the
rocks -      "He appears to have broken his neck by falling over these rocks. My
wish -      think that it supplies an argument to those who would wish to see our
street -      return much invigorated to Baker Street to-morrow."
old -      "An old soldier, I perceive," said Sherlock.
real -      That is why I have put him off with half-promises. It was in real
moor -      I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in
turn -      sudden turn to good or evil stands for some strong influence which
stanger -      self-defense every man will unite to crush us out. James Stanger is
paris -      "He said that letters to the HÃ´tel du Louvre, Paris, would eventually
more -      which I am unfolding. But let us have some more about Shoscombe. I
old -      have warned me against bringing this, the last of the old race, and
fitzroy -      red, inflamed lines which had been the death-mark of Fitzroy
box -      enough when I got to Baker Street and showed him the empty box. They
hound -      laws of nature. A spectral hound which leaves material footmarks and
reading -      reading as very strange, and now that I am in closer touch with the
turn -      mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with
how -      "'And how came it in the pond?'
well -      "'Well,' said he, showing me the advertisement, 'you can see for
more -      more interest to experts than to you. They all tended to deepen the
street -      At that instant there was a clatter and a rattle in the street below.
well -      "Well, Mrs. Lucca," said the prosaic Gregson, laying his hand upon
rose -      The Prime Minister rose from the settee.
weeks -      done had it not been for my wife. Only a few weeks ago she was
sudden -      there came a sudden buzzing in my ears, and next moment I fell in a
deal -      contrary, there is a good deal of evidence that the Douglases were
drift -      could hold such a position, and such a one would not drift into the
box -      with an ounce of shag tobacco and a box of matches laid out in front
well -      King's English as well as on the English king. Must you really go? He
lady -      stairs, "she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take
more -      husband, not more than thirty, I should think, while he can hardly be
home -      home, I ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out
jump -      will jump, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther
norwood -      Norwood."
trevor -      Trevor, and, walking towards the sailor, he said something in a low
crown -      Watson, upon the day that I crown my career by the capture or
began -      my notice. I began to smell a rat. You know the feeling, Mr. Sherlock
more -      afraid he could say no more, as the affairs of his clients were not
avenue -      which was not broken until we drew up in Serpentine Avenue.
london -      for so long, and he got into the Liverpool and London boats."
eye -      caught the eye of a subordinate agent of Von Bork, who recommended me
middleton -      established a right of way through the centre of old Middleton's
gravesend -      water-mark. Hum! Posted to-day in Gravesend by a man with a dirty
way -      Mason, I claim the right to work in my own way and give my results at
sudden -      There was a sudden rush and a scuffle, followed by the clash of iron
common -      is a single common point of resemblance in the varying reports which
inch -      taken off. I know so much already that if you go one inch off the
london -      which line the north side of the river to the east of London Bridge.
read -      "Why, I seem to have read of the Scowrers in Chicago. A gang of
dunlop -      exhausted the Palmer, let us see what the Dunlop with the patched
brougham -      the window. "A nice little brougham and a pair of beauties. A hundred
charles -      family hell-hound, and by the desire to frighten old Sir Charles to
douglas -      "There could not possibly be, Mr. Holmes. Poor Douglas had only his
box -      his keen, twinkling eyes at the box which had been the cause of his
moor -      of the silence of the moor. That frightful cry turned the blood to
shinwell -      every time. Same address for Porky Shinwell. We're old mates, Porky,
reading -      the ways of the house. Mary used to sit up reading in her own little
home -      the lady was not at home. "Then we shall wait until she is," said
bog -      widespread bog. From the end of it a small wand planted here and
how -      "'How do you come to know it?' I asked, in surprise.
trevor -      the kitchen. Mr. Trevor mumbled something to us about having been
fence -      him. He threw the bridle over the fence and strode up the pathway.
bank -      of Southsea. A depleted bank account had caused me to postpone my
halfway -      consisted of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended halfway up
raise -      that he threatened to raise a scandal which would convulse the
moor -      As you value your life or your reason keep away from the moor.
way -      a dark figure slipped past him he closed and fastened it. "This way!"
common -      upon the table in front of the colonel's plate. It was not a common
western -      butler to the western lattice window. Congratulate me, my dear
prendergast -      mate. Prendergast then descended into the 'tween-decks and with his
martin -      "Because Inspector Martin from Norwich has just passed through. But
old -      The old reprobate with the surplice burst into a volley of bad
more -      "Ah! you don't know Sarah's temper or you would wonder no more. I
how -      "How came you to leave the key in the door?"
sheet -      sheet. "That," said I as I handed it to Colonel Emsworth, "is what
quick -      new orders. "Quick, Watson, quick! Here is a screw-driver!" he
summit -      jagged summit, dim and vague in the distance, like some fantastic
well -      "Well, what have you to say?"
turn -      instant he half raised his loaded cane once more, as if he would turn
wood -      the wood, and to ask for the help of the lodge-keeper. He was much
keeping -      wanted to. There is no particular reason for keeping a watch upon
how -      I had any indication of the nature of your suspicions or how you
tor -      upon the summit of the Black Tor. That then should be the centre of
deal -      joys and sorrows. He was my mate--and that means a good deal in the
well -      "Well," the miner lowered his voice--"over the affairs."
old -      alienist. The old gentleman's cerebral processes were disturbed by
amberley -      particular evening old Amberley, wishing to give his wife a treat,
more -      nothing more of him than I have learned from meeting him occasionally
stapleton -      question to answer. Mrs. Stapleton has heard her husband discuss the
old -      me, Mr. Bennett. I think we have now fairly gone over the old ground,
home -      hour instead of quietly digesting their breakfasts at home."
wool -      The fog-bank lay like white wool against the window. Holmes held the
walls -      are really much older than this. The enormously thick walls and tiny
furnace -      might be secretly destroyed at night in the furnace, leaving behind
how -      "And how could you tell that they would make their attempt to-night?"
march -      "The letter arrived on March 10, 1883. His death was seven weeks
more -      five before we were back in Baker Street once more.
pocket -      earth in front of him, and the shoe which he took from his pocket
musgrave -      "Reginald Musgrave had been in the same college as myself, and I had
spring -      thought of a week of spring time in the country was full of
wall -      I had been reading.  Holmes edged his way round the wall and flinging
how -      How could you hear of it in London and get to the spot as soon as I?"
true -      family had concealed with such elaborate precautions. It is true that
stand -      "Bad!" said Holmes. "Bad! Stand clear, Watson! Not an unnecessary
more -      no means broken. On the contrary, it drew closer and more intimate as
well -      on such a point. As to the knife, it might well be thrown far from
lady -      with an occasional pink electric light. The lady had come, I felt, to
well -      Lucy as well as her father. He had been a pioneer in California, and
rattle -      thick-necked Newfoundland. We heard the rattle of falling metal, and
mortimer -      leads into Mortimer Street, and immediately whistling for a hansom,
how -      dreary, dismal, unprofitable world? See how the yellow fog swirls
eye -      over the stock and his eye gleam as it peered along the sights. I
poultney -      to follow her. She got down at last at No. 36, Poultney Square,
crank -      "What! Old Frankland the crank?"
common -      "That is not quite so common, is it? Ah, me! it's a wicked world, and
more -      "One more direction! I wish you to drive to Merripit House. Send back
water -      water and beds of decaying vegetation. The launch with a dull thud
bromley -      Lieutenant Bromley Brown, who were in command of the native troops,
start -      noticed, with a start, that upon the lid was printed the treble K
chalk -      chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stands
sea -      of the sea for life. We were to fix it all two nights later. When I
true -      vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St.
way -      "I think it is clear enough. You came back by an unexpected way, and
norton -      the altar faced round to me, and Godfrey Norton came running as hard
well -      down in the dark jungle of criminal London, but I was well assured
middle -      captain's room. And there in the middle of it was the man himself,
more -      Sir Henry was more pleased than surprised to see Sherlock Holmes, for
more -      was not more than forty. She was still handsome and bore every sign
row -      them. At last I saw them hire a boat and start for a row, for it was
turn -      then I saw him turn and fly. At the same instant the teeth of the
start -      for us to start. In the meantime, Watson, I should be glad if you
rise -      and taking his hat. "I am afraid, Rance, that you will never rise in
sound -      sound of several footsteps was heard upon the stairs. She listened
mere -      You have asked me if I know the name of the assassin. I do. The mere
well -      "Well, I tried one or two leads, but could get at nothing which would
chimney -      he did not come through the door, the window, or the chimney. We also
old -      the loss of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and
stones -      the stones we stared intently at the silver-tipped bank in front of
burn -      would have been so glad to burn. The diagrams, the violin-case, and
moor -      line, and so off full cry in the moonlight over the moor.
warren -      "Well, well, Mrs. Warren, let us hear about it, then.  You don't
way -      manner he bowed solemnly to both of us and strode off upon his way.
lady -      fists and sticks. Holmes dashed into the crowd to protect the lady;
basil -      Basil--and behold the result!"
paul -      Edward Street, near St. Paul's.'
tor -      loudly from a tor behind us.
worth -      my house, and that it's as much as my life would be worth to let him
home -      ever been heard of my unfortunate father. He came home with his heart
lodge -      suppose, for argument's sake, that the household of Wisteria Lodge
law -      "I have lived so long among savages and beyond the law," said he,
central -      burned them in the central furnace. There is my story, Mr. Holmes,
weeks -      as to the treasure which my father had spoken of. For weeks and for
box -      the empty box.
how -      I glanced down at the new patent leathers which I was wearing. "How
well -      "Well done! Our researches have evidently been running on parallel
row -      row of houses which abutted upon the Underground, I was so pleased
stand -      "'You have called me names enough,' said he, 'I will not stand it any
well -      "Quite so. Well, Sir Henry, I am of one mind with you as to the
lady -      "I hope," said the lady, "that you have not come to cross-examine me
lady -      have been. Lady Frances had given her fifty pounds as a
farnham -      short, dark beard. I looked back before I reached Farnham, but the
wish -      "What do you wish me to do?"
way -      impression upon me, and I pondered over it and turned it every way in
way -      "My dear sir, there is no need. It is all in the way of professional
crooks -      "The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as--"
began -      a new shoe. Since the cab was there after the rain began, and was not
old -      obstinacy of a very old man.
wig -      "Here he is,--wig, whiskers, eyebrows, and all. I thought my disguise
lady -      punishment more. If the young lady has a brother or a friend, he
london -      sorrow! There is no woman in all London who loves her husband as I
walls -      arable land, cut up into small fields, with stone walls between them.
stove -      hawk-bill of a nose looked savagely at the pair who sat by the stove.
more -      "This is a more serious matter than I had expected, Watson," said he.
touch -      "It has been touch and go with him," said I, "but he'll live now.
lady -      have several very vital questions to ask that young lady, and my mind
toronto -      Toronto," was printed on the leather inside.
more -      few hours that I had been with him. Those hectic spots were more
way -      downstairs when the wife tried to force her way up, and perhaps he
cunningham -      Cunningham and his son. Holmes walked slowly, taking keen note of the
scotland -      owe you a good turn at Scotland Yard," said Lestrade. "At the same
valley -      "No, no, you shall come with me. If this valley is closed to me and I
woolwich -      London Bridge, which would be his route to Woolwich."
read -      "And I'm not saying that you have not read the truth." The man looked
well -      "Well, I refuse to answer."
home -      until I had reached home that the terrible signs which you see upon
openshaw -      of this new case, and why I urged young Openshaw to caution. The blow
quarter -      quarter of the treasure shall be yours. We can say no fairer.'
well -      Our meal was a merry one. Holmes coud talk exceedingly well when he
true -      the true meaning of it can be. Arthur was the most single-minded,
frame -      frame was racked by his sobs. So absorbed was he by his bitter grief
west -      and had guessed at the criminal before ever we went to the west
more -      advice. The more popular he became, however, with the Freemen, the
laid -      we would not have laid our hands on our man. You will excuse us for
high -      front of us, and marked the position of the Chesterfield high road.
how -      facts. Let us see how it fits in with the sequel. Major Sholto
home -      every point being driven home by the slapping of a brawny hand upon
point -      "Perhaps you would not mind telling me if your suspicions point in
old -      by night to the old crypt? We can't fit that into our plot."
station -      suburban station, he sprang on to the platform and pulled me out
way -      darts, too, could only be shot in one way. They are from a blow-pipe.
lock -      "But the lock?"
send -      telegraph-office? Grimpen. Very good, we will send a second wire to
burrow -      burrow when I heard the window go up."
row -      row."
london -      than the ordinary four-wheeled disgrace to London, and the fittings,
brushes -      woman who brushes by me in the street. We are estranged, and I want
point -      broken his pencil, and had been compelled to put a fresh point to
lead -      I sit contains 2,000 napoleons packed between layers of lead foil.
south -      concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must elapse before
how -      have been, and how nearly I have committed the blunder of my
law -      ruined coronet was national property. I was determined that the law
hole -      peering down into the hole.
shade -      characteristic of the carbuncle, save that it is blue in shade
stout -      lowered you this good stout rope which I see in the corner, securing
well -      "I think anything out of the ordinary routine of life well worth
laid -      horribly mangled, into the house. We laid him upon the drawing-room
mark -      Bristol, and his father did not know where he was. Mark that point.
point -      open to reason. You see my point?"
street -      begun to collect in the street. Holmes stepped up to the window,
well -      "It is, of course, well known to you that in a successful banking
spring -      approached the silent figure. He was crouching for his final spring
breach -      without a breach of that absolute secrecy which is desired. How is
warren -      When we returned to Mrs. Warren's rooms, the gloom of a London winter
mortimer -      Mortimer Tregennis's room to find some remains of this substance. The
moor -      miles along the edge of the moor, leading me at last to a small gray
heads -      here--is an actor. It came into our heads--it came into my head--that
scotland -      Scotland Yard, very solemn and impressive, was ushered into our
cunningham -      his eyebrows, and Alec Cunningham burst into a laugh. The old
victoria -      if I am not mistaken, and we shall be in Victoria in less than ten
warren -      Warren, good-bye."
way -      to be standing rather in the way of your explanation."
water -      I gave him directions to have several gourds of water and a lot of
old -      old lady, Watson. I was never more convincing. He actually picked up
sudden -      "I see--her ladyship's waiting-maid. Well, the temptation of sudden
dull -      blinds gazing down into the dull neutral-tinted London street.
eye -      and a more critical eye, I can see that she was rare and wonderful in
lady -      our parish, was staying in it. There was an American young lady
point -      he. "But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has
charles -      Charles Baskerville's death several people saw this apparition upon
laid -      that the gas is not laid on in his house?"
lady -      According to the country surgeon the lady had stains upon her face,
street -      We had reached our house in Baker Street while we had been talking.
white -      know," said White Mason cordially. "Come along, Dr. Watson, and when
british -      before the British authorities there and so obtain the fortune
milverton -      at the door. Milverton rose and opened it.
steel -      steel. I've been checkmated in London. I can only wish you better
weeks -      "I had only known her a few weeks."
way -      it clear to the whole world that she was in no way, directly or
flush -      ran up upon the mud-bank, with her bow in the air and her stern flush
petty -      alone could rise superior to petty influences. He held his open
leadenhall -      have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street. Anybody
chalk -      They were scrawled with chalk. I thought that it was the stable-boy
steps -      "Well, well, if it was fastened the steps could have nothing to do
horner -      "Do you think that this man Horner is innocent?"
porlock -      "Exactly, my dear Watson! Hence the extreme importance of Porlock.
anna -      "You were always a noble woman, Anna," said the old man, puffing at
sea -      Admiralty as being lost at sea, and no word has ever leaked out as to
norbury -      eighty-pound-a-year villa at Norbury. Our little place was very
send -      meaning of this intrusion? Didn't I send you word that I would see
chimney -      the same result. The chimney is wide, but is barred up by four large
water -      far-fetched supposition that something has been sunk in the water.
well -      common, ordinary burglary, and well within the capacity of the poor
chase -      chase. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running
how -      see how you arrived at it. It was a sudden impulse upon my part, and
street -      have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street. Anybody
village -      rose some miles to our left, or to a low, grey village which lay in
hope -      "Surely it is easily decided, Hope," said the Premier. "Let us have
charles -      "On the night of Sir Charles's death Barrymore the butler, who made
began -      while he had been absorbed with the first. This he began to read with
bow -      bow window, and we knew that we were alone in the lower floor of the
edge -      there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a
box -      not be far off. By the way, where is the key of that little box of
london -      Holmes's knowledge of the byways of London was extraordinary, and on
london -      resign his chair and to come down to London, where he set up as an
way -      Meanwhile, let him have his way and do not cross him. So long as he
hope -      "So there you have my tragedy. I hoped against hope, but it was not
way -      pew on the way out I dropped my bouquet over to him, and he slipped
more -      more painful as she was as loving a wife as a man could have--to all
crown -      the greatest subjects of the Crown!"
point -      anything of Sir Henry, until I came to the point where the moor path
home -      "Not at home means not at home to you," said the footman.
pit -      course of which Drebber received a blow from the stick, in the pit of
weavers -      of the hands of slaters, sailors, corkcutters, compositors, weavers,
wood -      dust, and damp and worms had eaten through the wood, so that a crop
sudden -      Our client was amazed at the sudden question.
reedy -      the top was suddenly whisked out, and from the darkness came a reedy,
peninsula -      the thin peninsula of firm, peaty soil which tapered out into the
more -      me to be deeper and more inexplicable. How, for example, could you
london -      gravity. "What is your London address, Mr. Green?"
bath -      between my boots and a Turkish bath is a perfectly self-evident one
more -      drew blank. The remaining room appeared more promising, and my
home -      "I noted, in passing, that she had written a note before leaving home
wells -      Tunbridge Wells, and I got a glimpse of a man in the street. It was
loose -      in loose pouches, like the cheeks of a blood-hound. He was of a
how -      "Oh, Jack, don't let me hear you speak so! That is how he speaks--the
stone -      jagged stone was lying among the moss, and this also he carefully
old -      ago to the old country. One of the farms which he held, that of
middle -      corner. In the middle of the hut a flat stone served the purpose of a
old -      thought she would be a handy craft for our escape. I engaged with old
cabin -      cabin, Mr. Holmes; but perhaps your friend here has not heard of it.
mortimer -      "If, then, Mortimer Tregennis disappeared from the scene, and yet
more -      the object of my mission. And yet the more I thought of the lady's
westward -      westward which marked the Mapleton stables. We all sprang out with
amberley -      Amberley."
twenty -      sickish, in spite of my twenty years' experience. From under the door
home -      to escort her to her mother's home. If she is not quite convalescent
way -      "I think not. I fancy we can attain our end in a simpler way. I can't
more -      more soldiers at the door of the state-room, and their muskets seemed
box -      both stood gazing in astonishment. The box was empty!
send -      can send for your friend, Baron Von Herling, and see if even now you
station -      time it was the young lady coming from the station. I saw her look
point -      occasionally to point out objects of interest with the reeking amber
success -      success. Rain had fallen on the night before and we examined the lawn
way -      excitement as he spoke. "By the way, Lestrade, who made this
bonds -      hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a
battle -      battle tingled as I thought of it.
point -      point which we still have to decide.
old -      "Yes, he was his heir, and the old boy is nearly eighty--cram full of
read -      "You remember," said he, "that some little time ago when I read you
water -      temper to order some hot water. You can imagine my surprise when I
wilson -      all round, and Wilson, the sham chaplain, knocked one of them in, and
weeks -      "I have given him notice. In a couple of weeks I shall have shaken
anstruther -      "Oh, Anstruther would do your work for you. You have been looking a
weald -      walk of the Weald Station. I believe that my late husband, Mortimer
more -      picture; the more attractive for its contrast with the sordid and
charles -      Sir Charles Baskerville and with the neighbours.
point -      positive upon the point. They had at once sent for the doctor and for
butt -      Hope slapped the revolver butt which protruded from the front of his
scotland -      "To Scotland Yard."
douglas -      "That is just the point which I want to come to, Mrs. Douglas. You
eye -      One eye was already white and glazed. The other was red and inflamed.
prescott -      That's Prescott's machine, and those bundles on the table are two
hope -      methods of work in the Jefferson Hope case."
high -      which is dry at low tide but is covered at high tide with at least
way -      screaming, since one would imagine that was the sure way to make her
worth -      plaster cast was not worth more than a few shillings, and the whole
oakshott -      Holmes turned to the page indicated. "Here you are, 'Mrs. Oakshott,
prospect -      It was not, I must confess, a very alluring prospect. The old house
march -      towards the end of March in the year 1892.  Holmes had received a
way -      come on the line in that way. Had it been carried down from any
lane -      the lane, whence she sent a farm-lad for the doctor. The lady was on
well -      "Well, can you give me no further indications?"
stair -      frantically up the stair and along the passage. There was no one in
hound -      crying upon the moor. Suppose that there were really some huge hound
colony -      out on the table. "This is a map of the Colony of Victoria," he said.
street -      Let me have a report by wire at Baker Street before evening. And now,
turn -      It was our visitor's turn to look surprised.
more -      but not more. His fortune was a considerable one, and such a loss
letters -      "I suppose, Watson, we must look upon you as a man of letters," said
catch -      Through the gloom one could dimly catch a glimpse of bodies lying in
start -      The lady gave a violent start and stared in bewilderment at my
dull -      the dull, dead white of a fish's belly, and his eyes were wild and
lady -      improbability about the lady's story? And now on the top of this
college -      those cases where, for the credit of the college, it is most
well -      "Well, if you insist I shall go," said he. "It is certainly hard for
wish -      case, you would, I am sure, wish to follow it from the outset. I
woodley -      Westminster electricians. Williamson and Woodley were both tried for
london -      Now the red rim of the sun pushes itself over the London cloud-bank.
baldwin -      "Here, you," said Baldwin to McMurdo, "you can stand below at the
deal -      been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which
well -      "That is well. And the Rucastles go out to-night?"
drawbridge -      "But surely I have heard that the drawbridge is kept up all night."
chemistry -      within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy
douglas -      than your deserts from that, Mr. Douglas. But I would ask you how did
lead -      interesting story to tell which may well lead to further developments
law -      that it is not the terror of the law, it is not the loss of my
stapleton -      your friend Mr. Stapleton, but his wife as well."
bank -      Bank of England, held together by an india-rubber band--nothing else.
river -      "I would engage a launch and go down the river on the track of the
clanking -      There was a grumbling sound and a clanking and jarring of keys. The
well -      "Well, now, you do not mean to seriously suggest that this German
rake -      "I fished about with a rake. I thought there might be some weapon or
woolwich -      "He left Woolwich suddenly on Monday night. Was last seen by his
lady -      "They are sprightly--very sprightly," Milverton answered. "The lady
sudden -      cheeks, and unkempt hair all spoke of the sudden blow which had
woking -      heather of Woking. Briarbrae proved to be a large detached house
more -      not more so than his complete suppression of every reference to his
old -      "Oh, and old horse-faker like him has many a dodge."
well -      night we had resumed our journey and were well on our way to Geneva.
street -      rubbed his hands when we found ourselves in the street once more.
wellington -      dashing up Wellington Street wheeled sharply to the right and found
sudden -      mistress were not to be tolerated.  While they were talking a sudden
well -      "Well, in the first place, others were dependent upon her, and it was
town -      in London while I examined Wisteria Lodge. Then I came into town,
lock -      "'Then take the treaty and lock it up there. I shall give directions
read -      he read, "'the great black-faced monkey of the Himalayan slopes,
cabin -      inquest a description of his cabin, in which it stated that the old
how -      well remember how he plied me with questions as to the amount and the
friendly -      I glared at the intrusive vicar with no very friendly eyes; but
more -      over and gone. Presently he came to himself once more, very weary and
london -      "How long can you stay in London?"
way -      once and for all. But if you will leave me to find my own way, I will
street -      the street. They followed them warily, treading noiselessly in the
way -      We made our way downstairs as quietly as possible, and out into the
junction -      have an amnesty in that direction, I think. This is Clapham Junction,
well -      we cannot doubt that the boots or chamber-maid of the hotel was well
weeks -      McMurdo shook his head gloomily. "He's been here some time--six weeks
glass -      Councillor, and to our better acquaintance." He raised a glass with
scotland -      of Scotland Yard, are both engaged upon the case, and it is
more -      "However, let us hear some more about the objects which do seem to
sudden -      you remember the sudden end of the engagement between the Honourable
baldwin -      they saw in the papers that Baldwin had got his man, there would be
old -      examined the old Stock Exchange lists, and I can find no one in 1883
how -      in Paris? How could I search for it without the French police having
middle -      was of a middle height, two or three inches shorter than you, sir. He
more -      "Very good," said Holmes. "Come, Watson, I think that we have more
street -      we found ourselves in the street. Holmes burst out laughing.
rock -      rock. It was folded and dry, so that it would seem that, after all,
lock -      the bureau first and looked hard at the lock.
high -      me. I had quite high words with him last night. You cannot imagine
winchester -      "No. If she can come to Winchester to meet us she can get away."
loose -      loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of
cunningham -      ingenuity, to get old Cunningham to write the word 'twelve,' so that
letters -      your supposition that I would bring the letters here in a note-book
moor -      the bleak, cold, shelterless moor. Poor devil! Whatever his crimes,
london -      possibility he might be in London."
how -      can explain to your friend how the matter lies without the restraint
green -      racing. 'Green open, white shut.' That is clearly a signal. 'Main
wilson -      man, but not a crazy one. He passes under the name of Steve Wilson,
grey -      considerably. The possession of a grey garment was a third point
way -      attempt to get me out of the way at once, and would bring round his
hope -      "I hope your visit has cast some light upon those occurrences which
point -      before you have finished. You'll have time to think the point out
fordham -      stroke. Dr. Fordham came over at once. We put him to bed; but the
hook -      up. Seeing the hook, however they naturally saved themselves the
oldacre -      lamented Oldacre was a pretty considerable black-guard. The father
point -      We had come to a point where a narrow grassy path struck off from the
way -      With a grave face he lit the lamp and led the way down the corridor.
lady -      Surely you would be wiser if you left the lady alone. It would not be
glass -      "One evening, shortly after my arrival, we were sitting over a glass
stoke -      Stoke Moran. The money which my mother had left was enough for all
glass -      6d., glass sherry, 8d.' I see nothing in that."
more -      would have it, did the adventurer a great deal more good than harm.
white -      handkerchief? Surely there is a white flutter over yonder."
well -      "Quite so," said Holmes. "Well, now, Miss Winter, if you would call
hope -      Ferrier carried the bag of gold and notes, Jefferson Hope had the
way -      breaks out in this way through emotion, so I hazarded the opinion
acton -      servant. It's evidently the same villains who broke into Acton's."
point -      there any other point which I can make clear?"
weeks -      weeks ago, the Duke of Holdernesse sent Mr. James Wilder, his
field -      field for those peculiar qualities which my friend possessed in so
laid -      bed beside him. By it he laid the box of matches and the stump of a
more -      "One more question, Mr. Holmes. From an expression which my husband
charles -      "It was all very confused. Sir Charles had evidently stood there for
green -      "The Green Dragon."
city -      and the Overland Route lay through the City of the Elect. There, too,
hereford -      drove to the Hereford Arms where a room had already been engaged for
cabin -      far less try to force their way into the cabin. What do you think of
spring -      One day in early spring he had so far relaxed as to go for a walk
pocket -      "You did not write this?" I said, pulling the letter from my pocket.
street -      woman who brushes by me in the street. We are estranged, and I want
london -      "The London press has not had very full accounts. I have just been
cliff -      face look over the cliff, and I knew that it was the precursor of
weeks -      As the weeks went by, my interest in him and my curiosity as to his
more -      "Let us say no more about it."
bare -      black, empty windows and high, bare walls, towered up, sad and
green -      "We will do all that can be done, Mr. Green. Not a moment will be
old -      watched his son all I could for the sake of the old days. Well, sir,
ash -      cigarettes, and I dropped the ash all over the space in front of the
london -      University of London, and proceeded to Netley to go through the
well -      operator. He can locate him, I guess. Well, then I'll tell him that
well -      "Well, you will know, I'll promise you that. You won't be much older,
mortimer -      "Mr. Mortimer Tregennis died during the night, and with exactly the
start -      when the storm has cleared. Start her up, Watson, for it's time that
reading -      methods and to try to practise them in reading this tragedy.  It was,
crook -      be some spy. Why, a Yankee crook would be into that with a
city -      "I should have gone to the City that day, but I was too disturbed in
letters -      "Did he get any letters?"
hope -      "Well, it is not the first we have shared, Holmes. I hope it may not
hope -      and Jefferson Hope was led off by a couple of warders, while my
hope -      drains, I hope?"
how -      mean by that? And you must have observed, Watson, how she manoeuvred
poultney -      inspires confidence. Ask what hour the Poultney Square funeral takes
white -      streaks, funnel black with a white band. She is down the river
strode -      famous doctor strode out of our cottage in considerable ill-humour,
old -      nearly fifty years back, and the initials are as old as the watch: so
sound -      became audible--a very gentle, soothing sound, like that of a small
wish -      "I've less reason to wish the Dook well than most men," said he, "for
well -      mantelpiece of the surgery at Lower Brixton. Well, when Dr. Barnicot
lady -      "Did Lady Brackenstall say that screw was used?"
devonshire -      evening whether Barrymore is at his post in Devonshire or not."
well -      "Well, it's not a long story to tell," said he, lighting a cigarette.
how -      it vanishes among the reeds. Oh, how simple it would all have been
law -      this person. If I am in the hands of the law let things be done in a
nowhere -      into my heart. The boy was nowhere to be seen. But down beneath me in
wing -      was one wing, however, which appeared not to be inhabited at all. A
london -      abandons a London career for the country, and only an absent-minded
harris -      "One is Mr. Harris, of Bermondsey, and the other is Mr. Price, of
way -      bursting its way through the hellish cloud of terror which had girt
richmond -      Bob Ferguson, the finest three-quarter Richmond ever had. He was
well -      "Well, that is what we are here to find out. It has nothing whatever
began -      large inferences may depend. For example, I began by stating that
how -      this window, Watson. See how the figures loom up, are dimly seen, and
hope -      "It has struck me that it is our duty to drain the moat, in the hope
lady -      opened and a young lady came in. She was rather above the middle
street -      through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?"
forth -      looking out into the gloom. For some minutes he peered forth in
link -      "Government employ. Behold the link with Brother Mycroft!"
emsworth -      Emsworth. The greatest martinet in the Army in his day, and it was a
north -      estates extended over the borders into Berkshire in the north, and
law -      eyes of the law.
well -      "Well, I never thought that I should see anything more of the Russian
how -      will, for I saw how awkward it would be if my business affairs went
how -      would not hear of it. How he did it I could not imagine, but he
more -      an idea more creditable to his head than to his heart. With the
hill -      slowly over the hill to Rosenlaui, where I was to rejoin him in the
street -      as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley
cunningham -      just where we are. Old Mr. Cunningham was at that window--the second
station -      been seen leaving a neighbouring station by an early train. Only last
charles -      causes. Sir Charles was a widower, and a man who may be said to have
how -      of a family quarrel, followed by a reconciliation. How bitter that
lodge -      "I should like to meet him," I said. "If I am to lodge with anyone, I
friendly -      Mr. Garrideb surveyed me with not too friendly a gaze.
reading -      for I have followed your work for some years. Reading is the only
reddish -      of reddish soil, which had assuredly not been there before. There was
clink -      And then at last I heard him. Far away came the sharp clink of a boot
worth -      Red-headed Men. It's worth quite a little fortune to any man who gets
retire -      would retire to my bed-room. He always apologized to me for putting
steps -      way. Then we turned our steps towards this ill-omened house in which
battle -      battle in the creaming breakers. The wise mariner stands far out from
mere -      sure of foot and firm of grasp, climbing apparently in mere joy at
more -      "There's more work to be got out of one of those little beggars than
hole -      Clearly, only one could fit into the hole, and that one was Brunton.
common -      found, as I had expected, that Holmes and he had much in common.
more -      there is another which is far more subtle. You may recollect that in
lady -      young lady's mind and prevent her from looking upon any other suitor
beryl -                        THE ADVENTURE OF THE BERYL CORONET
wish -      in the family, I have no wish to bring public disgrace upon you. A
sudden -      with a sudden passion of earnestness.
wish -      shield the criminal. But if she does not wish to shield him she would
wall -      the wall. The inspector sat down at his desk.
mortimer -      Grimpen, where our friend Dr. Mortimer has his headquarters. Within a
high -      Harding Brothers, two doors from the High Street Station. A great
way -      cried, "while I have been fooled in this way, what has this other
how -      "How absurdly simple!" I cried.
beryl -      "Halloa, Beryl!" said he, and it seemed to me that the tone of his
lady -      in any way upon this lady's honour"--his eyes blazed for an instant,
stand -      must have, and that is final. If you think that I am going to stand
read -      what I read:
wish -      from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of
lady -      the lady who is behind all this mischief."
link -      "And the next link?"
wilson -      married man, Mr. Wilson? Have you a family?'
well -      "Well, when I came to examine the box I found there was no money in
more -      interested and asked Stapleton more than once whether he did really
well -      claim at a place called Benito Canyon. They had done very well; but
county -      Edmunds, the county detective. I fear I lied to him. Perhaps it would
well -      to try and save her. Well, the stakes are down and the reserve open,
march -      sitting-room on Tuesday, March the 16th, shortly after our breakfast
way -      "It came about in this way. When the rajah put his jewels into the
well -      "You're angry, Robert," said she. "Well, I guess you have every cause
more -      game. And one more question, Dr. Mortimer. Supposing that anything
oldacre -      "Very simply. When those packets were sealed up, Jonas Oldacre got
street -      into the street.
old -      seen enough of the contrary nature of the old sinner to understand
street -      neighbouring street, it must have passed the station barriers, where
london -      blinds gazing down into the dull neutral-tinted London street.
letters -      morning letters, if I remember right, were from a fish-monger and a
street -      "When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just
norwood -      Norwood. A crowd of morbid sightseers were still gathered round Deep
london -      who instantly communicated with London. That is really all that I can
way -      "How dare you speak in such a way!"
rose -      for his weakness, he rose once more.
way -      In silence Baynes led the way to the sink and held forward his
way -      their way to their beat. The inspector and two men accompanied her
grey -      to his natural manner. "I fancy that this grey house on the right
quick -      a quick succession of subjects,--on miracle-plays, on medieval
point -      point. The whole story told by Barker is a lie. But Barker's story is
letters -      person, wrote her some compromising letters, and is now desirous of
more -      of the matter the more convinced I am that the letter has never left
well -      "Well, well, such is fame! But, then, if I remember aright, you had
lane -      second-floor front of No. 427, Park Lane, upon the 30th of last
how -      know that you have been driving Mr. Sherlock Holmes.' That's how I
close -      than he could afford when I was so close upon him.  I had my chance,
pocket -      "I am afraid so. I had brought a pack of cards in my pocket, and I
well -      which we knew so well. It must have whizzed between us at the instant
lady -      "Ah, yes. I should like a few particulars as to this young lady, and
old -      but the rest of that individual lay in a pile of white hair and old
amberley -      "The Haven is the name of Mr. Josiah Amberley's house," I explained.
quick -      "You are quick to make up your mind," said she with a smile.
rise -      given rise to comment and conjecture.
street -           The Baker Street Irregulars
pinnacle -      gone. There was the sharp pinnacle of granite still cutting the lower
law -      stand by the English law?"
wilson -      "Well, Wilson, any news?"
raise -      the signal to throw in this object, then to raise the cry of fire,
gang -      gangs of three besides the Randalls, or it may be some new gang of
start -      is quite sufficiently complicated to start with without the further
home -      like this. I am not at home. Say so. Tell him to come in the morning
haven -      haven. From the shores of the Mississippi to the western slopes of
york -      York paper. Asked me every kind of question so as to get something.
eccles -      "Scott Eccles,
well -      "'Well, perhaps it is better that I should not tell you that just at
old -      manager and I behind him. It was a labyrinth of an old house, with
lodge -      the mysterious lodge.
hayes -      this fellow Hayes with a led pony. Arthur mounted, and they set off
how -      show me how to turn the stone into money. But how to get to him in
well -      "Well, we may save the police some little trouble in that direction,"
station -      to the station to report this matter to the police. Offer to assist
eagle -      which led between them was the Eagle CaÃ±on in which the horses were
hound -      mischief, the wicked Hugo, who started the Hound of the Baskervilles.
catch -      moving about the house, nor could we catch a glimpse of any faces at
more -      they only got the whole of the note and paid a little more attention
haven -      "Have you, though? You haven't been slow on the job if you only
pit -      clean-shaved, earnest face advanced eagerly towards the pit head. As
plump -      intellectual head, a round, plump, hairless face, a perpetual frozen
strand -      bought the pair last night in the Strand, and I have never had them
stand -      where the three fir-trees stand, and behind their screen I got over
how -      not take much to knock me over. I don't know how you manage this, Mr.
edge -      At this moment we saw the man himself. His head showed above the edge
derbyshire -      "Madam Derbyshire had somewhat expensive tastes," remarked Holmes,
lane -      was a mews in a lane which runs down by one wall of the garden. I
send -      send him away to his death--!" He sprang from his chair and paced
river -      eighteenth-century houses which lie between the river and the Abbey,
reach -      not yet perceive the goal which we would reach, I understood clearly
dull -      dull grey plumage and a black top-knot.
london -      from London when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a
more -      may find him the starting-point for a more successful investigation."
station -      and made his way out of the station.
stair -      left the breakfast-table, and as I ascended the stair I met him
liverpool -      Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street
well -      salary as well."
deal -      had the whole place to himself. There was a good deal of tidying up
wall -      wall--"
well -      avail to him. Others as well known and as rich as himself had been
sound -      in the morning, then, I was awakened by some sound in the house. It
lodge -      McMurdo laughed. "The lodge has a long arm. Do you think it could not
park -      "My first move was to get down to his home, Tuxbury Old Park, near
spring -      the music of the birds and the fresh breath of the spring. From a
university -      University, but a thinker of European reputation in more than one
old -      "The old story, Watson. A treacherous friend and a fickle wife. It
more -      The dash was more fear-inspiring than any threat could have been. How
hole -      turned, however, the hole was not entirely closed. Sherlock Holmes
canada -      my time in the States and in Canada. But I hope that to lose one of
send -      you also to send a note by the cabman to your wife to say that you
dane -      who thrust her back and, aided by a Dane, who acts as assistant
moor -      the moor, and he is a fellow who would stick at nothing. You only
dawn -      since dawn every constable within forty miles has been looking out
read -      heard that you can read great things out of small ones."
deal -      "I think I made certain of a good deal, Mr. Holmes. I knew that
london -      is Signora Victor Durando--was the San Pedro minister in London. He
south -      "From South Africa, sir, I perceive."
inch -      half an inch. He must have placed it on the table before he was
keeping -      he chattered away to himself under his breath the whole time, keeping
common -      "Sure, what is murder? Isn't it common enough in these parts?"
gordon -      framed picture of General Gordon, and I saw by the alteration in your
eye -      met the eye. Holmes walked slowly round and examined each and all of
well -      Well, that is a good sweeping generalization. Let us see what that
stamford -      "We came here on business," said Stamford, sitting down on a high
how -      could have concealed anything--you told us in your narrative how you
green -      frenzy of horror--burst from the thick green clump of bushes in front
way -      Once in their power, they would find a way to make him speak. It was
deal -      male visitor, but a good deal of him. He is dark, handsome, and
west -      "They were all bought by the West Gilmerton General Mining Company."
main -      it as the front of a picture does to the back. It was one of the main
letters -      sheet after sheet of paper with figures and letters, so completely
shade -      Von Bork started violently, and his ruddy face turned a shade paler.
loose -      always as keen as mustard. Toller lets him loose every night, and God
way -      I had been reading.  Holmes edged his way round the wall and flinging
sound -      Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of running feet
well -      The question came so suddenly that it was well that he had his answer
how -      Von Bork shook his head. "I don't see how that could be. There is a
deal -      That blocks this end. We have now to deal with the other. There is an
old -      "I have my old service revolver and a few cartridges."
pocket -      of these papers in my pocket, in case they should bear upon our
way -      command. You must have observed the way in which he held his head and
green -      I could see his black figure clearly outlined against the green
station -      station master in the west of England. His chair is worth seven
reading -      bound from Reading to the little Berkshire village. There were
wish -      of relief. 'It shall be just as you wish. Come away--oh, come away up
steps -      be able to evolve from their own inner consciousness what the steps
common -      hardly rise above the common herd. That d might be an a, and that l
shelf -      stands upon the shelf beside you. Thank you. Now let us consider the
well -      stairs, "she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take
tore -      until at last it came within reach of a man who tore its secret out
how -      most remarkable in our collection. But, dear me, how slow-witted I
london -      systematically to every cab proprietor in London until they ferreted
way -      forcing our way through gorse bushes, panting up hills and rushing
old -      "The river washes along the front of the old fort, and so protects
high -      high piping voice from some inner room. "Show them in to me,
old -      been the old major I would have swung for him with a light heart. I
how -      I thought of what I might do in the old country with it, and how my
lady -      "Yes; it was by their light and that of the lady's bedroom candle
london -      "'There is a train to London at 8.30,' said he. 'The trap will be at
way -      say, and do as I order you, for indeed it's the only way for us.
chase -      "Worse and worse! Our men would know that the chase was hot at their
more -      were here as a guest and you have become a spy. I have nothing more
old -      became a favourite with the old farmer, who spoke eloquently of his
hatherley -      have been recommended to me, Mr. Hatherley, as being a man who is not
real -      know the real reasons for this visit.'
well -      handsome youth about thirty, well dressed and elegant, but with
more -      "Then there is an end of it. What more is to be said? And yet you
well -      "Well, I told you just now that there is a cottage not far from our
south -      have been made and he will be on his way to South America. For God's
charing -      out from her retreat. Well, Hopkins, here we are at Charing Cross,
eye -      furrowed brow and a vacant eye. Finally he sprang from his chair with
wooden -      wooden leg. With three long hops I was on him. He put his carbine to
mere -      "Absolute exhaustion--possibly mere hunger and fatigue," said I, with
way -      way to a point from which we could see the front door of the inn.
old -      useless waste of life. Your hand stole towards your own old wound and
more -      he has been with us for twenty years he cannot be more than forty
brunton -      by Brunton in his measurements, and that I was still upon his trail.
reading -      and he appeared to be asleep. Then, unable to settle down to reading,
true -      "Is this true, Barrymore?"
california -      California, then they chased me out of America; but when I married
north -      the north of Langmere, in the country of the Broads. The house was an
street -      must wait in the street. Have you found it, Wiggins?"
box -      may have been a box. Well, well, I can do nothing more. Let us walk
way -      a cold way I felt pretty furious myself, Watson, for there was
common -      nothing--absolutely nothing--in common. My love faded. If hers had
start -      course you will start at once. This is evidently from a responsible
appledore -      there to Appledore Towers. We shall be at work before midnight.
paris -      tell. Even now this report from Paris does not help us much."
well -      in the dinghy. I guess they were all drowned. Well, we took him on
how -      "This is how I should work it. You will all be in the big room--same
well -      time and showed that he had done his duty well and had borne the
home -      away from home. In that, however, I was in error. Upon the second day
mere -      deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce
home -      and things jogged on much the same as ever at home. And then came
high -      at me from under tufted and sandy brows. A high bald head had a small
station -      A few minutes later the train ran into the ill-lit station, and there
forton -      Hynes Hynes, J.P., Purdley Place; Mr. James Baker Williams, Forton
way -      duplicity. You are a collector, this set has come your way, you have
well -      this up couldn't help our poor master, and it's well to go carefully
downs -      study and bee-farming on the Sussex Downs, notoriety has become
hale -      the hale, hearty man that he had been before he became master of that
more -      we ran back into the room once more."
old -      "Of being concerned in the beating of old Editor Stanger at the
strand -      stream of life in the Strand, he told me something of what had
box -      box."
town -      coming to town--and here I am."
high -      which run high, and allow you to look down upon the houses like
alexandria -      of Alexandria. He sends me a thousand at a time, and I grieve to say
oakshott -      some geese which were sold by Mrs. Oakshott, of Brixton Road, to a
north -      little visit to the North. There is one other small point upon which
white -      frock-coat, white waistcoat, yellow gloves, patent-leather shoes, and
street -      A bath at Baker Street and a complete change freshened me up
send -      thing as a laurel wreath, I should send Billy round for it."
how -      "How long have you been in these rooms?"
true -      "There's not a weak man in the lodge," cried McGinty. "True as steel,
true -      There were, however, certain obstacles in the way, and the true
moorlands -      shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to him to know if he had
london -      more than once made use of my knowledge of London crime. I asked him
high -      high object of our mission, the consciousness that it was unselfish
harley -      looks at the Harley Street specialist who by a word can solve the
saints -      It was a warm June morning, and the Latter Day Saints were as busy as
well -      "Well, when the war was over, and we all got back, I wrote to his
send -      day during that time. Why on earth, then, should any criminal send
water -      "Capital!" said Holmes, calmly. "Watson, a bucket of water over the
well -      "'That would suit me very well,' said I. 'And the pay?'
real -      "A real downright snorter, Mr. MacDonald!" he kept repeating. "We'll
lady -      can an English lady join in such a murderous affair?"
how -      dust coat. "How still and peaceful it all seems. There may be other
well -      "In my imagination, perhaps. Well, leave it there, Watson. Let us
lady -      Except for releasing the lady I will see that everything is kept
dollar -      killed a man in Chicago. I never minted a dollar in my life. Those I
read -      know if any of you gentlemen have ever read or heard anything of that
hope -      that his only hope of mercy is to produce it safe."
rock -      similar manner. Even as they passed, a great rock came thundering
desborough -      against Silver Blaze! Five to fifteen against Desborough! Five to
rooms -      me after he had taken the rooms that he would do so and asked me not
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer looked at Holmes with an air of professional interest,
more -      abandon this method and to trust once more to my recollections, aided
south -      South American arrow poison, and which was so powerful that the least
charles -      "Why then, did you not write to Sir Charles and explain this?"
old -      face, and became a piteous spectacle. It is an old trick."
more -      face yesterday. She is more like a ghost than a woman. Are you off,
rooms -      you tell the position of the rooms? What are those latticed windows
dartmoor -      am like to spend the other half digging drains at Dartmoor. It was an
westbury -      "Go on, Miss Westbury. Even if it seems to tell against him, go on.
white -      sat down, and her face grew white to the lips. "I knew in my heart
began -      Our search was not a very long one. The tracks of the tyre began to
plantation -      know what I saw with my own eyes. Our plantation was at a place
station -      "Half dazed, I went into the station and asked about the morning
lady -      "Mr. Holmes, I will tell you everything," cried the lady. "Oh, Mr.
drift -      incessant drift of spray, and a bird would leave its tread upon it.
comfort -      in your kindness you would have brought me out some comfort or other,
mark -      I have seen the mark on Douglas many times this last ten years."
lover -      Ettie threw her arms round her lover's neck. "Give it up, Jack! For
old -      famous old Jacobean grange of High Gable, one mile on the farther
letters -      an e. Men of character always differentiate their long letters,
well -      "Well, sir, they were that he was to have a key of the house. That
well -      "She was talking to the woman behind the counter. I entered as well.
well -      "Well," said I, "you call that love, Mr. Carruthers, but I should
wood -      "'And how far from the edge of the wood?'
stone -      thick oily scum oozed out from below the stone and stained the water
reach -      Mason, but a note will reach us, and no doubt I could find you if I
well -      "Well, I suggested a blind."
how -      "How long is it?"
more -      It came out upon the landing opposite to a second more ornamental
wall -      he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I
how -      see how far you have a chance of holding back your secrets. In the
ruston -      direction of East Ruston.
charing -      are placed before that hospital the words 'Charing Cross' very
how -      already in his mind, though he may not have been certain how the
old -      being asked where this old shipmate lived, he was unable to give any
more -      debts of honour. He tried more than once to break away from the
manor -      Manor."
stapleton -      and a lady was by his side who could only be Miss Stapleton. It was
rope -      the rope, untie it from the hook, shut the window, snib it on the
hampshire -      "'Hampshire. Charming rural place. The Copper Beeches, five miles on
borne -      up the dreary silent ravines, and was borne back to his ears in
common -      together, and to devise some common thread upon which they might all
sound -      for a low sound came to our ears--a kind of drone of misery and
lady -      staring face when you pulled aside that lid expecting to see the Lady
london -      there are in London? Some people think that a fly in it is a sign.
turn -      go along the road and then turn down a lane. Just beyond it is a nice
devonshire -      hours in Devonshire, and that he should give up an investigation
lead -      "Lattice-paned, lead framework, three separate windows, one swinging
stanley -      no difficulty in recognising him. It was young Stanley Hopkins, a
devonshire -      ago created so much excitement in Devonshire. I may say that I was
how -      "the more one thinks of it the more mysterious it grows. How came
winchester -      permits this morning and reach Winchester by the evening train. When
frame -      of the unfortunate squire, whose huge frame lay stretched across the
more -      more on the important position which you have been fortunate enough
gale -      gale and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been
point -      Ames, the faithful Ames, no doubt he will stretch a point for me. All
water -      water. I stared in silence at Sherlock Holmes, whose lips were
quick -      "Small, stout-built, very quick in his ways, no hair on his face,
close -      when, in the dead of the night, I heard a whisper close to my ear,
street -      "Yes; I will wile away the morning at Godolphin Street with our
way -      after me, and locked it on the outside. "This way, Watson," said he;
stand -      want a gun across your head. You stand wide, Mr. McGinty; for I warn
hope -      him with his message to Jefferson Hope. In it he told the young man
how -      "And you too. I'll tell her how awful good you've been. I'll bet she
well -      him by the idea that he was doing me on a wager. Well, Watson, we
scale -      efficient ally. Could you scale that wall, doctor?"
angle -      passing over an angle of Surrey, and ending in Kent. See that light
stanger -      "Of being concerned in the beating of old Editor Stanger at the
box -      them to the box once more and sat for a while in deep meditation.
rochester -      "Rochester Row," said he. "Now Vincent Square. Now we come out on the
way -      would induce me to help the rascals in any way."
kent -      upon the face of Mr. Kent.
way -      went through his duties in a dull mechanical way. "The prisoner will
petty -      petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the
downhill -      to him. The best men all left us, and the show began to go downhill.
real -      patrolmen with a grin. "You're a real hand-picked one, if I am a
pool -      at the pool, and that the someone could not have been his son, for
angle -      stealthy step round the angle of the table. "See here, Masser Holmes,
high -      have nothing to fear. The discretion and high sense of professional
grey -      The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central
kennington -      Beppo as a common factor, both in Kennington and in Kensington, so
stone -      a gulp, and I felt the stone pass along its gullet and down into its
mark -      whether that is not the mark of his thumb."
hound -      clear enough that the hound has been laid on from some article of Sir
douglas -                          DOUGLAS 109 293 5 37 BIRLSTONE
read -      "What on earth does this mean?" I ejaculated after I had twice read
bridge -      At London Bridge, Holmes wrote a telegram to his brother, which he
lewisham -      Not far from him at Lewisham there lives a young doctor who is also a
town -      you were in the town, and I came straight round to put the matter
london -      London, I was always at their heels. Sometimes I followed them on my
london -      London, and, finally, maritime London, till we came to a riverside
horsham -      "Yes, from Horsham."
quarter -      start in one of a dozen streets in the Cavendish Square quarter, all
eye -      green floating in the air caught my eye, and another glance showed me
sound -      aware of a dull muffled sound coming from the passage. I opened my
turn -      turn towards the Stapletons. Thus I had made certain of the hound,
wish -      "You wish me to come?"
cocking -      which the younger man was in the act of cocking clattered down upon
real -      of the real Josiah Amberley, a misshapen demon with a soul as
more -      end, and a pale face. I don't know as I could say more than that."
how -      how close they play the game. Your letter to me had the 10 P. M.
close -      that he knew Gorgiano to be close upon him, and that, thank God! he
amberley -      establish with Mr. Josiah Amberley. When I have done so we can
more -      The more featureless and commonplace a crime is, the more difficult
boot -      inner side. His left boot has a coarse, square-toed sole, with an
more -      more welcome. She rose from a settee as we entered: tall, queenly, a
well -      "Well," said Milverton, "you've made me lose a good night's rest, my
vicarage -      the vicarage garden. Only when my attention had been drawn to Dr.
wish -      fainting. I simply wish to hear your real, real opinion."
way -      at a gentle angle. This, then, is the way by which Number One
paddington -      morning, and on inquiring at Paddington as to where I might find a
street -      and Prince's Street. At the end of Broad Street it ran right down to
edge -      the edge of the pedal.
close -      which removed a plague-spot from the East-End of London. Close on the
wish -      at what came first to hand. I wish them joy of what they got."
way -      that the burglars saw their way about."
creed -      as believers in our own creed. We shall have no wolves in our fold.
south -      South African securities?"
moor -      moor at night."
london -      "Go back!" she said. "Go straight back to London, instantly."
more -      had a foeman more worthy of our steel."
lady -      drawers, as if the lady had hurriedly ransacked them before her
valley -                The Valley Of Fear
surrey -      thirty miles of Surrey air this morning. I suppose that there has
more -      "Then Leonardo came more and more into my life. You see what he was
way -      way was to advertise in the agony columns of the papers."
mark -      "Is there anything to mark it as a police-boat?"
bayswater -      I came round as quickly as the Bayswater 'bus would bring me. So you
drawbridge -      most fearless man he had ever known. He ordered the drawbridge to be
pocket -      He took from his pocket the various slips of the dancing men. With
more -      the room at once as you came, and I will say no more."
grain -      Russo-German grain taxes, letter from Madrid, note from Lord
lover -      "Then again, if a woman and her lover conspire to murder a husband,
well -      the carpet was of a dun colour, which lends itself very well to
brunton -      "'Brunton, the butler, was in the library. He was sitting, fully
old -      road, or a driver shouted at his team, the old farmer hurried to the
wish -      point which I wish to discuss with you," said he. "You feared, as I
greet -      in, that I may greet them."
how -      long light ladder against the eaves. That is how he did it."
hope -      "'Well done, well done!  No ill-will, Mr. Melas, I hope, but we could
well -      into the study. It would suit us best, but it is bolted as well as
mitton -      of Mitton, his valet. The former retires early and sleeps at the top
moor -      should have expected to see out on the moor at this time of night.
green -      Life has become like that great Grimpen Mire, with little green
birmingham -      come to Birmingham, then?"
coombe -      "Driving back in the evening from Coombe Tracey he was in time to get
more -      Meanwhile," he glanced at his agenda paper, "I have one or two more
blackwater -      Blackwater, Sir Cathcart Soames--they all have entrusted their sons
well -      "Well, I have only just heard the facts, but my mind is made up."
send -      always take drink when he was ashore, and a little drink would send
letters -      very letters. But what is this written above them?'
wish -      head-quarters under cover of darkness, and he would wish to get back
wood -      examined and retained. Then he followed a pathway through the wood
shop -      left in my shop. You see this little book?"
wall -      the ivy-covered wall. As we watched him he suddenly began with
inch -      an inch above the bottom.
arsenal -      Arsenal--technical papers--Brother Mycroft, the chain is complete.
deal -      you gentlemen know a great deal more than I do about my own affairs."
sudden -      His words were cut short by a sudden scream of "Help! Help! Murder!"
how -      "How can you do that?"
pocket -      "Put your hand in the right-hand pocket of your overcoat."
sudden -      been guilty of silence as to his fate? Or had some sudden blow from
chester -      Chester Wilcox has been settled, and you'll have the thanks of every
old -      "The old scale of pay, and a guinea to the boy who finds the boat.
station -      "Come, Watson," said he, "our ways lie elsewhere. Our next station
station -      rooms. You will find us there, on our way to the station."
common -      in expostulation. "Have I not given to the common fund? Have I not
edge -      edge and wave his handkerchief to us when they start. We shall be
shade -      north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his
more -      "No, but I fancy that I may have deduced a little more. I imagine
well -      "Well, we have nothing else to go upon--no evidence of any kind."
heath -      the heath was opened up. I grasped Holmes's arm.
old -      however, by Ralph, the old butler, who came in with a fresh supply of
well -      "Well, there is just one point."
deal -      mentioned, and yet there were letters and meetings, and a great deal
toller -      always as keen as mustard. Toller lets him loose every night, and God
stair -      down the stair. "Of course, he did not realize that it was I who was
send -      than I. Good-bye, and never hesitate night or day to send for me if I
reigate -                                THE REIGATE SQUIRES
rooms -      that she intended to remain for the season in her luxurious rooms
way -      department, and showed his good-will towards him in every way. Signor
quick -      there is a field for the observation, and for the quick analysis of
london -      sent me from London to Birmingham? Why had he got there before me?
law -      "The law cannot, as you say, touch you," said Holmes, unlocking and
guide -      beneath. My guide stopped and looked about her like one  who is at
cross -      Meanwhile, let him have his way and do not cross him. So long as he
east -      side-streets to the east of the Oval. The men whom we pursued seemed
well -      "Well, we have seen some very interesting things. I'll tell you what
quarter -      quarter of an hour we were in Bloomsbury at the Alpha Inn, which is a
hatherley -      Hatherley about three in the afternoon and walked down to the
lady -      stair to the passage in which Lady Beatrice's room is situated."
more -      when I found myself in Baker Street once more. As I approached the
stair -      "We went down a winding stone stair, and my companion, striking a
well -      "Well, that is what we have to find out."
field -      unlimited field of work here, and my sister is as devoted to Nature
griggs -      the strong man, and Griggs, the clown, drove the creature off with
rattle -      rattle and a roar, beating a blast of hot air into our faces.
old -      old well-house, and Sir Robert was in one of his tantrums that
mapleton -      led it back and concealed it at Mapleton. When I told him every
rocks -      left! On that side a ridge of rocks ended in a sheer cliff which
more -      now. More than once I thought he was gone as I brought him up. It was
london -      "The worst man in London," Holmes answered, as he sat down and
emsworth -      study of Colonel Emsworth.
way -      felt his way among the furniture, opened another door, and closed it
common -      "There is nothing in common between my father and me," she said. "I
brunton -      Brunton the butler. He was a young school-master out of place when he
waterloo -      by the train which leaves Waterloo at 9.50, so I started early and
rise -      it would rise superior to the most intimate domestic ties."
jump -      Great Scott! Jump, Archie, jump, and I'll swing for it!"
way -      little dinner on the way?"
well -      talk of my blunders, for you know my work well enough to be aware of
banks -      darkness and led me swiftly past banks of shrubs which brushed
turn -      turn to you Watson, for something more solid."
ross -      "'My name,' said he, 'is Mr. Duncan Ross, and I am myself one of the
fortescue -      of the examination for the Fortescue Scholarship. I am one of the
croydon -      to Croydon with me on the off chance of a case for your annals?"
real -      the tobacconists call amber. I wonder how many real amber mouthpieces
lady -      "Lady St. Simon said something about 'jumping a claim.' She was
town -      A small but well-kept house in the outskirts of the town sheltered
waterloo -      At Waterloo we were fortunate in catching a train for Leatherhead,
overton -      Cyril Overton either?"
stair -      picked his way to the corner of the building, where a steep stair led
way -      way to the dairy, happened to walk down the lane which leads from the
more -      give us our crack volunteer regiments, and who turn out more fine
sydenham -      doubt of it. They did a job at Sydenham a fortnight ago, and were
edge -      "Yes, it lay on the very edge of the pool," said one of them. "It
well -      "This is Wednesday evening," said Mr. Melas.  "Well then, it was
grove -      projected from a grove of trees. "That's Ridling Thorpe Manor," said
street -      "This is the street," said he, as we turned into a short thoroughfare
wood -      fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning
way -      beech, the largest tree in the neighbourhood. Holmes traced his way
limbo -      to think that there is some fantastic limbo for the children of
letters -      getting those letters back."
california -      the fascinating daughter of a California millionaire. Miss Doran,
main -      scream, if it was my last one, which might alarm the main guard. The
home -      Norfolk home."
lawn -      others had rushed out on to the lawn, but it was dark and it had
reading -      thousand. We even traced them as far as Reading, but could get no
water -      down near the water's edge at Lambeth. The third house on the
brook -      Brook Street Mystery, as it was called, has never until now been
london -      into just at present. Your Majesty will, of course, stay in London
amberley -      says he was junior partner of Brickfall and Amberley, who are
more -      composed, but pale. She must have been more than woman if she did not
mere -      and that the body is left for our inspection. A mere suicide would
mountain -      knew by experience that the mountain wells were few and far between.
more -      the poorer they got the more keen they were to play. Major Sholto was
touches -      the wet plaster, dropped in the pearl, and with a few touches covered
scotland -      Scotland Yard."
quick -      a quick intensity which commanded attention.
more -      appearance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than
well -      presume to help you," remarked my friend. "You are doing so well now
moor -      walk over the moor before it grows dark, that I may know my ground
coat -      door. Holmes sprang to it and pulled it open. A coat and waistcoat
elm -      There were two guides given us to start with, an oak and an elm. As
loose -      heard a shocking story of how he had turned a cat loose in an aviary,
adelaide -      him; but she never wanted courage, did Miss Mary Fraser of Adelaide,
crook -      crook when I see one."
shade -      advertisement. Every shade of colour they were--straw, lemon, orange,
steps -      clatter of steps upon the stairs, the heavy hall door banged, and
scott -      Mr. Scott Eccles, and let us have your statement in writing."
warren -      Warren is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court
prescott -      you in this country. You shot this man Prescott, did you not?"
close -      We both started in our chairs. There was Holmes sitting close to us
grey -      rifle, and also a large bundle tied up in a grey shawl, which he had
true -      you could not spare a thought to Patrick Cairns, the true murderer of
letters -      "What harm is there in the letters?" he asked.
more -      something more solid to discuss."
way -      could have been more admirable than his way of putting it. I at once
more -      did not know at the time, though I have become more familiar with
junction -      Junction.
valley -      Wilcox lived was about five miles off in an adjacent valley. That
piece -      help, and saw at some distance a piece of wreckage with a man lying
deal -      deal of my journalistic work is done at night, and I often write
lock -      lock was a perfectly simple one, and only a strong blade was needed
heads -      heads of your profession. Still, of course, if you would like to draw
lawn -      lawn. His bicycle was kept in a small shed beside this lawn, and it
wish -      was this very man McCarthy. I wish to the Lord that I had shot him
lawn -      "We were sitting out upon the lawn on garden chairs, the three of us,
sound -      "A pair, by the sound," said he. "Yes," he continued, glancing out of
street -      was one of four which stood back some little way from the street, two
bay -      before we had crossed the Bay there were only two of the prisoners
more -      is a bad lot, though. I fancy she knows more about this than
rope -      "Very strange!" muttered Holmes, pulling at the rope. "There are one
more -      planet." In vain I begged him to tell me more. "You will hear and see
york -      remembered, was found six months later alive and married in New York.
sea -      country nor the sea presented the slightest attraction to him. He
stream -      completely imbedded in the moving stream of fierce-eyed, long-horned
turn -      turn it on. The ceiling of this small chamber is really the end of
temple -      his temple did he at last understand that resistance was vain. We
began -      "So I understand. Where were you when you began to feel bad?"
touch -      life," said he. "Some touch of the artist wells up within me, and
real -      "Oh, yes, I know that I have treated you real bad and that I should
cavendish -      stopped the cab at the corner of Cavendish Square. I observed that as
heather -      table. He was quietly dressed in a suit of heather tweed with a soft
lady -      come to the Lady Frances Carfax."
reach -      letter ever reach him? If so, why is it not among his papers? Did
wash -      "Yes, it is all we can do to make him wash his hands, and his face is
hope -      the troubled look of some hunted creature. He had but one hope in
steps -      grass border. "Our lady must have picked her steps carefully, must
brixton -      house in the Brixton Road.
turn -      the rope--each in turn was minutely examined and duly pondered. The
turn -      "Yes, I have a turn both for observation and for deduction. The
worth -      and it is one of those cases which are worth working out to the very
how -      You won't tell? Dear me, how very unkind of you! Well, well, I dare
catch -      she was just too late to catch the young man's dying words. Leaving
old -      for a job. To-day he was an old woman. Fairly took me in, he did, and
lodge -      detective on our visit to Wisteria Lodge. It was a cold, dark March
quick -      him. If we are pretty quick in catching our men, we are not so quick
shop -      at me, so I asked some questions and then left the shop."
more -      more to be learned."
glass -      his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach.
burn -      undoubtedly a burn. Now, I observe, Ames, that there is a small piece
street -      a lounger who was smoking in the street. I have a reason for
more -      more to be said or to be done to-night, so hand me over my violin and
more -      affair, and of late years it has not done more than just give me a
home -      that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home
carlton -      moving at present in Carlton Terrace and that we have all to be at
bridge -      "We will be at Vauxhall Bridge presently," said Jones, "and shall
old -      decorated with trophies of old weapons. From one of these I picked a
reading -      when, one morning in June, as I sat reading the British Medical
well -      English letters after E is by no means well marked, and any
piece -      "Because he so far forgot himself as to tell you a true piece of
edge -      above but from below, for you see that it is on the lower edge of the
mere -      the sound of it would not bring someone on to them? It's a mere
well -      we may as well learn all that is to be learned."
moor -      upon the roof of his own house and sweeps the moor all day in the
woolwich -      investigations must now carry us to Woolwich."
hive -      the bees whose hive they have chosen for their emblem. In the fields
bridge -                The Problem of Thor Bridge
more -      mark in some more savoury trade. His method is as follows: He allows
box -      box upon the table and speaking jovially and boisterously, though my
valley -      over the heads of the people. It is the Valley of Fear, the Valley of
hope -      Nature bound so long in an iron grip; but nowhere was there any hope
well -      "Well, you can easily think that that made me prick up my ears, for
more -      than the banker had done in the morning, and it was the more striking
guide -      experience for a guide since it had shown me the man himself standing
common -      dead this morning upon Oxshott Common, nearly a mile from his home.
lady -      next Lady Day, and starting in practice on very much the same
wilson -      "Ah, Wilson, I see you have not forgotten the little case in which I
london -      single sheet of gray paper. 'The supply of game for London is going
old -      not used this plant. I've not hurt this old stiff. Where do you get
flush -      flush of surprise and of pleasure colored her pale cheeks.
field -      sensationalism, while offering a fair field for his talents. It is,
more -      thirteen is 'There,' which is much more promising. Number one hundred
well -      "Well, I don't think that is very hard to explain. A very deep,
hill -      view--the same hill which is cut into the dark quarry. Thence I saw
scotland -      five-forty train in the morning he had sent his message to Scotland
lodge -      running up to the lodge to say that he had found his father dead in
read -      possibly have read my little monograph upon the subject. I put that
wheel -      those who go on until the wheel turns against them, he realized his
whitehall -      have taken it across each evening to my house in Whitehall Terrace,
kilburn -      the way to Kilburn. I told my pal what I had done, for he was a man
woodley -      never be exposed to such an insult again. I have not seen Mr. Woodley
lady -      to be content with cultivating the lady's friendship during that time
water -      must have been in the water at that very moment."
well -      "Well, we are at your disposal."
how -      "'How far from the body?'
douglas -      voice. Mrs. Douglas had been standing listening at the half opened
rose -      perception that the matter was vital rose in my mind. That the dog
yonder -      handkerchief? Surely there is a white flutter over yonder."
old -      between this young lady and the old soldier, which the former had now
edge -      miles along the edge of the moor, leading me at last to a small gray
yonder -      fellow cutting peat up yonder. Bring him over here, and he will guide
scott -                The "Gloria Scott"
how -      however, that I am unable to understand how you arrive at the double
well -      "Well, to my surprise and delight, everything was as right as
how -      upon it, and I read upon his eager face how much it meant to him,
bank -      let them scramble down the sloping bank, splash through the mire, and
home -      ancient culture and comfort, lies this old home, surrounded by a high
london -      "You do.  You are, fortunately, the only man in London who does. Do
water -      the water's edge, where there was a small wooden wharf. Toby led us
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins was speechless with amazement.
send -      "How can I send her the child?" he said. "How do I know what strange
well -      "Well, perhaps."
how -      "How about Straker's knife?"
lady -      information about a Greek lady whose first name is Sophy. X 2473.
wall -      He struck a match on his boot and held it up against the wall.
more -      distinguish from each other, and cases have more than once within my
swan -      solitary swan. Holmes gazed at it and then passed on to the lodge
hill -      speaking to Brother Morris about on Miller Hill this morning?"
more -      "It's more than a precious stone. It is the precious stone."
horsham -      "It is in Sussex, south of Horsham."
how -      "Then how could any murderer have got away? It is out of the
lodge -      "Surely one may trust brothers of the lodge."
lady -      the lady with reserve. I had grieved with her grief in the
charles -      "Had Sir Charles reached this?"
lady -      that lady's august name, and I have little doubt that the emerald pin
hope -      will find some sights to amuse you in this venerable city, and I hope
success -      From Chicago he was chased, after two attempts so near success that
charles -      if Sir Charles could have spoken with me before his death he would
lady -      the lady was not at home. "Then we shall wait until she is," said
more -      to fight against without my putting more upon his track."
fitzroy -      this Fitzroy Simpson, having drugged the lad, and having in some way
how -      "I have no more notion than you how long it is to last," Holmes
street -      have you been doing? I thought that you were in Baker Street working
stone -      would be the stone in my waistcoat pocket. I was leaning against the
charles -      this Joseph Harrison entered the office through the Charles Street
park -      "And I went to look at the folk in the park," said Baskerville. "But
more -      "I am more to blame than you, Watson. In order to have my case well
halfway -      gossiping at the doors. Halfway down, Lestrade stopped and tapped at
hook -      can see now that it is fastened to a hook just above where the little
start -      "Very good.  I want to start by the 11.10 from Waterloo."
athelney -      "Ah, you have him there!" said he. "Good dog, then! Athelney Jones
york -      to return to New York."
rutland -      climate, coral reefs, sharks, Port Blair, convict-barracks, Rutland
frame -      frame of mind than she had gone to it. What did she do on re-entering
touch -      "I am in touch with Miss Dobney, Lady Frances's governess."
raise -      raise a laugh, and Thackeray's worldlings continue to carry on their
street -      Street. Here he turned swiftly down a narrow passage, passed through
more -      more clearly cut than that of the other three, showing that that was
white -      the trees were standing out of a swirl of white vapour. As we watched
west -      tunnels at some points in the West End. I had a vague memory that as
river -      streaks, funnel black with a white band. She is down the river
pitt -      good start in learning what he was doing in Pitt Street last night,
well -      well. What amuses me is to think of Lestrade, who had started off
hound -      "Mr. Holmes, they were the footprints of a gigantic hound!"
california -      in California, where they had become partners in a successful mining
read -      accompanied by complete sanity in every other way. A man who had read
sudden -      possessed could clear up the cause for the lady's sudden departure.
rooms -      a small opening between two rooms. It was so small that a rat could
california -      from California, and also his renting a house in so quiet a place in
sand -      the hard shingle I came on little patches of sand where the print of
home -      that Sir Robert was not at home last night?"
london -      had to go to London to play this match, for he could not get out of
how -      "How then?" I persisted.
point -      "Well, since I am here, there is one point on which I should like to
how -      end of the rope to make it look natural, else they would wonder how
how -      how many wives we have, but how many we can keep. My father has now
nelson -      Nelson's large timber-yard, just past the White Eagle tavern. Here
pocket -      "No, I don't think you would guess. Every pocket stuffed with pennies
old -      in my way, principally through the introduction of old
close -      in my plans; and now, at the close of April, I find myself placed in
well -      "You know it well, then?"
nasty -      Watson. But now we come on the nasty, angular, uncompromising bits
high -      passed from the flat I heard Holmes's high, thin voice in some
well -      windows were shuttered as well. Some light, however, was breaking
high -      Wherever the High Gable folk go he will keep them in sight. But he
quick -      all the Celtic power of quick intuition, but he is deficient in the
yonder -      yonder. I was told off for the door, same as you were last night.
oxford -      Street, and so through Wigmore Street into Oxford Street. In a
more -      seat. For a minute or more we all sat in silence. Then the old
well -      it mattered very much. Besides, the client! Well, well, we need not
mark -      every mark of being an average commonplace British tradesman, obese,
british -      Portland all the same. It cuts no ice with a British copper to tell
box -      From out of her bosom Lady Hilda had drawn a small key. The box flew
letters -      will return the letters at the price I indicate, which is, I assure
street -      night in our rooms at Baker Street, "is one where, as in the
lady -      for her jewel-box. Now it was clear to me that our lady of to-day had
white -      His dark eyes, glaring out of the white mask of his face, were full
old -      corresponded with the scene of the old tragedy. Sir Henry was much
rooms -      "Ah, that's another matter. I have been three times in his rooms,
height -      distorted liver-colored countenance; but his height, his dress, and
stand -      Cubitt know how matters stand, for it is a singular and a dangerous
how -      you how, on the first night here, I heard her sobbing bitterly, and
white -      that one end. With a grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where
success -      My friend was in excellent spirits over the success which had
read -      manuscript to the light and read in a high, cracking voice the
mark -      mere trampled line of slush, but to my trained eyes every mark upon
hound -      "The hound!" cried Holmes. "Come, Watson, come! Great heavens, if we
shop -      noticed a man run out of the shop, he could neither see anyone nor
devon -      This is the Devon County Chronicle of May 14th of this year. It is a
moor -      gloom of the moor that strange cry which I had already heard upon the
loose -      "Well, then, why this hound should be loose to-night. I suppose that
lady -      no reason to think that anyone is interested in the lady's fate. When
stand -      my darling. There's no one who can stand between us."
old -      "Why, Godfrey, old man, this is fine!"
link -      link in a series of incidents should be able to accurately state all
north -      most interesting object that I have seen in the North."
london -      it was proved that she had a brother in London, but we failed to
green -      stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize. Godspeed.
guide -      as well as the track to guide us he cannot escape us now."
mark -      mark on it yesterday."
town -      Lestrade was staying in lodgings in the town.
old -      after him. As he threw the door open an old woman ran out in front of
rake -      we well might be considering all that he has done for us. To rake
pit -      rock, and narrowing into a creaming, boiling pit of incalculable
read -      sealed, and inscribed. Holmes picked one out, but it was hard to read
white -      Every minute that white woolly plain which covered one half of the
bridge -      gradually, until we were flying across a broad balustraded bridge,
stand -      it natural that he should stand for five or ten minutes, as Dr.
point -      point whence I could look straight through the uncurtained window.
pool -      reedy pool, constricted in the centre where the main carriage drive
steps -      hardly take any steps until the good pawnbroker is safely in bed.
began -      doctrine indeed. Strange rumours began to be bandied about--rumours
avenue -      famous yew avenue of Holdernesse Hall. We were ushered through the
glass -      The place was locked, but Holmes removed a circle of glass and turned
docks -      Chinese sailors down in the docks."
white -      Nelson's large timber-yard, just past the White Eagle tavern. Here
way -      caught an advertisement in the agony column. It ran in this way:
old -      that, but for that one old woman who had lingered in the kitchen, he
philadelphia -      Philadelphia mint," said he.
field -      field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard
douglas -      "Mr. Douglas's dumb-bells," said Ames.
charles -      "'And how was it then that Charles did not get his crown when he
well -      thick all round. It was massive, well made, and solid, like a chest
martin -      uniformed policemen sat inside. Inspector Martin rose and touched his
liverpool -      "'Well, Sarah found that she could not make a living in Liverpool, so
acres -      acres. There is a modern part, which took all our garrison, women,
well -      well. It never went better in its life. I owe you a thousand
more -      more."
well -      was going well when McCarthy laid his grip upon me.
how -      conspicuous position how many days were still left to him out of the
drift -      without your perceiving the drift of my remarks, that Professor
stand -      another to stand out here in the darkness of the moor and to hear
church -      could anyone have in bringing me to the doors of the church, and then
mere -      fashion of speech leaves a conviction of sincerity which a mere bully
mortimer -      tell. When I think of Mortimer Tregennis, with the foxy face and the
worth -      "I think it's well worth troubling about."
street -      pallid dreamer of Baker Street. I felt, as I looked upon that supple
kensington -      "Come instantly, 131, Pitt Street, Kensington.
angle -      supra-orbital crest, the facial angle, the maxillary curve, the--"
shelf -      something in foolscap, and I had pretty nearly filled a shelf with my
downs -      undulating downs, long green rollers, with crests of jagged granite
sussex -      withdrawal to my little Sussex home, when I had given myself up
wall -      sun-baked wall mottled with lichens and topped with moss, the sort of
angle -      at a gentle angle. This, then, is the way by which Number One
mortimer -      observed that I twice strolled over to the window while Dr. Mortimer
lady -      none the wiser. Had this lady who appeals to us for help gone to live
deal -      "But it needs a great deal of supplementing before anyone could offer
send -      send the boy with this telegram. He is to pay a five-shilling reply."
green -      he remarked. "It is very pleasant to see the first green shoots upon
home -      should be giving up all chance of bringing it home to them. No, no,
law -      earns his living partly as interpreter in the law courts and partly
well -      "No, sir, but it might very well come from someone who was convinced
station -      weary journey we alighted at a small station some miles from Chatham.
kensington -      brewer called Melville, living at Abermarle Mansion, Kensington. It
more -      difficult, and that there was nothing more which I could do.
how -      how you are getting on. Don't overwork yourself. A couple of hours at
rise -      observation was precise. You had seen the lady rise from beside the
more -      that revolver. We'll have no more violence. Come, hand it over!"
cross -      seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton
weeks -      "The clerk Gorot has been shadowed all these nine weeks, but without
street -      13, Duncan Street, Houndsditch,' she cried. This begins to look
leadenhall -      "No--except that it was Leadenhall Street."
white -      soaked through the white linen compress. I sat beside him and bent my
old -      revenge upon his old sweetheart, if he could give the impression that
success -      success--I can hardly explain it in any other fashion."
point -      "Criminal cases are continually hinging upon that one point. A man is
lady -      "A young lady. She's free to choose for herself."
box -      my box to-morrow." She flounced for the door.
common -      "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common
trevor -      in a lamp, and close at her heels came my friend Trevor, pale but
white -      dashed with white; his eyes were sunken in his head, and burned with
lady -      "My dear young lady," cried Holmes earnestly, "I beg you to have no
edge -      edge of the table. Then he reseated himself in his chair and looked
well -      open a flask? No? Well, then, I trust that you have no objection to
keeping -      with the fall. You see, gentlemen, that I am keeping my promise. I am
letters -      produce her letters for blackmailing or other purposes, how is she to
western -      and Cabul. Author of Heavy Game of the Western Himalayas, 1881; Three
yonder -      away, over yonder, I think."
send -      his plans were nipped, to send me the clue in this envelope. He says
bridge -      mouth of the bridge."
simpson -      supposition could this stranger, Fitzroy Simpson, have caused curry
common -      usages. This you promised to do, and this, if common report says
willesden -      Metropolitan, and some from Willesden and outlying junctions. It can
norbury -      advise you, then, to return to Norbury, and to examine the windows of
county -      position in the county, nor is it my fall in the eyes of all who have
worth -      bell for all he was worth. What happened afterward you know. And so,
more -      less cautious I might have been more wise, but I was half crazy with
lead -      grasped and which might lead us through the tangle. Cheer up, Watson,
more -      has actually more energy and vitality than I can ever remember, nor
raise -      force would suffice to raise the stone. So far I could follow their
berkshire -      Berkshire air."
esher -      "Great excitement was caused in Esher and the neighbouring district
sound -      she had slept deeply and heard no sound during the night. Nothing had
read -      burned as if they were in a fever. I looked into her eyes and I read
latimer -      night when a Mr. Latimer, a very fashionably dressed young man, came
real -      breeding in him--a real aristocrat of crime, with a superficial
philadelphia -      stretch from here to Philadelphia or New York?"
eagle -      lost. I have a mule and two horses waiting in the Eagle Ravine. How
valley -      body might stand for Vermissa Valley, or that this very valley which
old -      inglenook of the old village inn he talked slowly and at random about
more -      practical joke unless some more sinister meaning should prove to be
moor -      Holdernesse Hall, ten miles by road, but only six across the moor. It
began -      began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by
glass -      "The last glass filled would be most likely to contain bees-wing."
more -      crime, is still rather older and perhaps more experienced than
steps -      importance, and added that no steps would be taken about my
london -      little quiet and genteel book-making in the sporting clubs of London.
touch -      It argues the degree in which I had lost touch with my profession
amberley -      "Has Amberley been here yet?"
white -      and the white fluff of bird's-eye as there is between a cabbage and a
middle -      the middle of a sentence, he ordered me to cease and to change my
twenty -      "Twenty or thirty. I have a large correspondence. But surely this is
weeks -      for three weeks all would be well. Her maid's husband--this man
lock -      spring lock, and Holmes promised to see that all was safe before we
green -      beautiful pellucid green pool as clear as crystal. A line of rocks
deal -      deal more about Cheeseman's, Lamberley, before we are through. The
sudden -      sudden idea came to me. I begged a fortnight's grace from the
how -      "But how did you know of it, and how was it done?"
athelney -      Lestrade or Athelney Jones are out of their depths--which, by the
old -      old man, utterly incapable of contending with a brilliant, forceful
how -      "But what a strange compensation! And how strangely made! Why, too,
height -      resembling her in height, figure, and the colour of your hair. Hers
angle -      couch was a wooden chair, and on the angle of the back hung a very
well -      know well, that I swore good faith to our Bodymaster. Would you be
way -      his hand, and staring at it in his peculiar pensive way.
read -      "But you have read the evidence. You have formed some conclusion? Do
water -      lamps shining upon the broad, silent water; but our cab dashed on,
box -      easier for you to have thrown box and all."
way -      just buy a goose on your way back and leave it here with me, for we
town -      out by such employment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to
stream -      and roaring amid the gray boulders. Both road and stream wound up
old -      "My dear madam," said I, "I am an old campaigner, and if I were not I
tongue -      other victim with threats upon his tongue.'
station -      Aldgate Station on the Underground system in London."
wish -      which is forever hanging over me, then I should wish you to read
village -      enlarge the two limited titles of our village inns by giving us 'The
how -      the alarm of fire, I had not a suspicion. But then, when I found how
white -      over her infantile features. Her plump little white legs terminating
flash -      looked like some horrible bird of prey. In a flash we got a glimpse
brook -      Patient and the Brook Street Doctor. From that night nothing has been
how -      my house. And yet see how they have treated me! Oh, Dr. Watson, it is
well -      leave the society, I know well that it means murder to me, and God
true -      "I am rather in the dark still. It is true that the description of
douglas -      Douglas, presuming that they are not the actual murderers, could have
well -      "Well, I found my plans very seriously menaced. It looked as if the
chester -      and knowing that he was marked down for destruction, Chester Wilcox
piece -      in this letter you certainly have a very strong piece of evidence to
charles -      "Yes. On the death of Sir Charles we inquired for this young
way -      from the Council. Turn which way he would, there appeared to be no
pocket -      Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket.
bermuda -      him to say that she has a husband already in the Bermuda Dockyard, so
well -      "Ah, the rascal!" he cried. "Yes, indeed, I know him very well. This
wall -      where it has trickled down the wall! That disposes of the idea of
sound -      was a sound at the door. There were steps in the passage. Lucas
way -      way.
toller -      Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else."
read -      he. "It will be harder to read now than that palimpsest. Well, well,
spring -      well filled with spring flowers. Towards this garden the window of
twenty -      bare carriage in which some twenty or thirty people were seated. The
white -      merely that ghastly face glimmering as white as cheese in the
warren -      terms.' I'm a poor woman, sir, and Mr. Warren earns little, and the
shade -      The man turned a shade paler and cast a malignant glance at Holmes.
sudden -      see how you arrived at it. It was a sudden impulse upon my part, and
london -      "Can you suggest any possible motive for taking the papers to London
emsworth -      Emsworth is within his rights and that we have no legal status within
high -      On the bed a woman was lying who was clearly in a high fever.  She
well -      convenient for all of us. As to what it is we--Well, that's what we
common -      with the matter. That's common sense. Man might have died in a fit;
springs -      springs from despair. If there was nothing else left to him, he could
rope -      brought him out with me with a long rope wound round his waist. He
more -      more hearts as you wrung mine. I will free the world of a poisonous
street -      "But why are you not conducting the case from Baker Street?" I asked.
paris -      and bided my time. An attempt was made in Paris and failed. We
steps -      "Fastened; but there are steps on the sill."
charles -                The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton
quarter -      ask you to compare them with the weak ones of 'quarter' and 'twelve,'
how -      under discussion was, how far any singular gift in an individual was
read -      I took the paper from him and read the short notice, which was headed
more -      University, but a thinker of European reputation in more than one
southampton -      new ship, the Bass Rock, sailing in two days' time from Southampton.
box -      touch that box. You can just see if you look at it sideways where the
america -      to take great liberties. Still, of course, in America they look upon
sound -      sound, not even the drawing of a breath, and yet I knew that my
old -      Old Steiler was standing at the porch of his hotel.
how -      moving anecdote as to how a musket looked into my tent at the dead of
white -      such as to rivet our attention. He began by taking a clean white
old -      Nobody takes you seriously. You are a 'good old sport,' 'quite a
how -      fear him more than I can say. How can Mr. Carruthers endure such a
north -      arteries which conveyed the traffic of the City to the north and
edge -      "Yes; they were on the edge of the path on the same side as the
lady -      "That is also quite modern," said the lady.
crown -      All right, John; we shall not need you. Here's half a crown. Look out
london -      "But how about our investigation in London?" asked Phelps, ruefully.
blackheath -      "I live at Torrington Lodge, Blackheath, with my parents, Mr. Holmes;
coast -      lights within the week, and the English coast a less tranquil place!
lady -      as the other refused to accept them. The lady stood by in haughty
lake -      edge of the trees and the reeds which lined the lake. Lestrade showed
london -      the one man in London who could help him."
read -      returning or an answer to his advertisement. I tried to read, but my
waterloo -      Waterloo, but I'll smoke a pipe with you with pleasure."
bare -      In the bare assembly room the men were gathered round a long table.
way -      me in his way. When he was sober he used to be fond of playing
well -      "Well, I seem to have come into an inheritance with a vengeance,"
warren -      Warren's house--a high, thin, yellow-brick edifice in Great Orme
water -      three feet under the water, a curious waving, vibrating, hairy
well -      "Well, you are in the right place for that. There is a deal of it
field -      We found Holmes pacing up and down in the field, his chin sunk upon
read -      Mr. Amberley sat down heavily. He sensed impending danger. I read it
worth -      there is no pay. This night's work would have been worth a tenner
westminster -      steam launch--to be at the Westminster Stairs at seven o'clock."
shawl -      voice. I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed
well -      "But I have heard that the crocuses promise well," continued my
quarter -      "'I have been standing here for a quarter of an hour, sir,' said he;
village -      village street and found, as we had expected, that the inspector was
city -      vengeance which possessed him. Tales were told in the City of the
well -      "'Ah, very well; then that quite settles the matter. It is a pity,
way -      been able to talk to him. Only in this way did his own household
court -      "The Coroner: That is for the court to decide. I need not point out
home -      As we walked home together, Holmes stopped at a telegraph office and
well -      "Well, I'm glad to hear you say so," said Sir Henry, glancing with
more -      black-eyed man, seemed glad to see him once more. After a glass or
old -      informs me, the old lady takes a drive, and the carriage must slow
mortimer -      and how was it committed? Of course, if Dr. Mortimer's surmise should
true -      demonstrated the true facts of the case to Monsieur Dubugue of the
abbey -      as I can make out it is nothing more exciting than an Abbey's
priory -      The Priory is, without exception, the best and most select
success -      up three glasses with port. "One bumper," said he, "to the success of
moor -      among the stone huts upon the moor.
crown -      not be bought under half a crown a packet. It is peculiarly strong
colony -      went under, and our party is still remembered in the colony as the
lady -      wrong--I'll swear that it's wrong. And yet the lady's story was
westmoreland -      cousins. James Desmond is an elderly clergyman in Westmoreland."
rocks -      rocks over the cliff, the most cunning and dangerous criminal in
victory -      victory in which to redouble his efforts, so that his foes may have
well -      "Well, Watson, what do you make of it?"
steps -      the last steps were taken, and three days only were wanted to
cross -      from twelve to six. It is, as you perceive, the first cross road on
water -      "Not at all. Drink this." I dashed some brandy into the water, and
mere -      "Ah, yes, that's another matter--a mere trifle, but the sort of thing
well -      We have enough on us, without the women as well. You'll have to be
well -      well that the servants do not sleep in the house."
well -      "Well, there's no reason it should be kept a secret. I'll give you
height -      The average height is rather below four feet, although many
rooms -      at once that there must be a communication between the two rooms. It
read -      window, had recognized the vagrant in the street, and had read murder
well -      "Your visitor seems to have left traces in your bedroom as well as in
gravel -      foresaw the difficulty of arousing him, so I gathered some gravel
cam -      Again and much louder cam the rat-tat-tat. We all gazed expectantly
hope -      Doctors' Commons, where I hope to get some data which may help us in
how -      this, that you may know straight from me how far I have been to
plantation -      distant plantation, and was riding slowly home in the evening, when
well -      "Well, of course, if the case were not an odd one we should not have
howe -      As we walked rapidly down Howe Street I glanced back at the building
wooden -      place, however, on the wooden fence which skirts the road which shows
street -      Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in Baker Street, buried among
coat -      house I saw a tall man in a Scotch bonnet with a coat which was
old -      staunch lad. Nothing would induce him to give his old uncle away.
thames -      the wild chase down the Thames. She listened with parted lips and
rooms -      door that he had entered one of the rooms. Now, all these rooms are
green -      to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white
flash -      flame-like intuitions and impressions flash up the more vividly and
well -      "Well, as you seem to have made the discovery, whatever it may be,
street -      the village street it nearly passed over a little Ford coming in the
wall -      broke in at the door Fairbairn got away over the back garden wall,
mortimer -      walk of the Weald Station. I believe that my late husband, Mortimer
mark -      get on to Paris, mark down our luggage, and wait for two days at the
spring -      this sinister figure, and I had braced myself to meet his spring,
rotherhithe -      down at Rotherhithe, in an alley near the river, and he has brought
oxshott -      his house, Wisteria Lodge, between Esher and Oxshott. Yesterday
more -      helped to put you on our track; though how you kept on it is more
well -      "Well, you are quite right.  But she was married to Mr. Browner a few
sudden -      heart of it there came the sudden scream of a steam whistle. It was
bog -      have touched bottom anywhere in this bog in which we are floundering.
york -      my friend, Wilson Hargreave, of the New York Police Bureau, who has
rose -      had topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the
sussex -      had established itself in western Sussex, where the Manor House of
point -      opportunity of asking him a point blank question, and again my
well -      "You've seen the postman. It is a pleasure to work with you. Well,
read -      as if she would read his very soul. Her hand was on the bell, but she
seed -      won't have the drains seed to, though the very last tenant what lived
white -      "How did it run? 'Our own colours, green and white.' Sounds like
moat -      He could not possibly have been drowned in the moat, which was at no
way -      way answer my purpose. For in those cases in which Holmes has
way -      this way:
quarter -      "'"I'd had nearly a quarter of a million, hadn't I?"
sudden -      "It seemed to me that my sudden appearance might shake his nerves and
way -      her own way to make in the world.
box -      me down is clever enough to pick an iron box from the bottom of a
charles -      "'We may find something else of Charles the First,' I cried, as the
white -      Beside him lay a little child, with her round white arms encircling
old -      "I would move," said the secretary, Harraway, a vulture-faced old
salt -      Disguised, and under an assumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City,
seething -      deep down in that dreadful cauldron of swirling water and seething
way -      will permit me to handle the matter in my own way? Is the lady
moor -      head. He has rushed about the moor in a crazy state and eventually
central -      "I had intended to bury myself in central Africa. My work there is
quick -      I saw Holmes and Hopkins exchange a quick glance.
scale -      "we can scale the garden wall in this direction."
how -      "'Dear me! How very impertinent! Kindly turn round and motion to him
scotland -      "Holmes, the Scotland Yard Jack-in-office!"
stand -      stand out in your memory as throwing any possible light upon the
letters -      N, S, H, R, D, and L are the numerical order in which letters occur;
old -      information from her, however, as she is very old and feeble."
how -      her--yes, sir, brutal! How she came by her death I do not know, but I
beach -      else had gone down to the beach by this track that morning. At one
close -      with a smear of blood across his face, and close at his heels,
began -      "My practice--" I began.
fisher -      Penrose Fisher, or any of the best men in London. But someone you
more -      said as she left him. I heard no more. They drove away in different
westhouse -      "He travels for Westhouse & Marbank, the great claret importers of
hayes -      Mr. Reuben Hayes's manner was far from gracious, but Holmes took it
pool -      and stillest pool when my eyes caught that for which they were
home -      bringing home the bacon at last."
shepherds -      of the moorland shepherds taking out his father's dinner."
raise -      "I have only to raise my voice, and I could call my servants and have
old -      "The old pattern is good enough," remarked Lestrade, "if we can only
common -      he, however, from the brusque and masterful professor of common sense
letters -      forced, however, by the recent letters in which Colonel James
piece -      shattered piece of plaster. He had just completed his examination
read -      America. I saw the American stamp. She turned deadly white, read the
well -      "Would it not be well in the first place to get rid of this Barrymore
old -      old clergyman. But, you know, I have been trained as an actress
well -      well, so it is all cheerful once more."
way -      unable, however, to make his way in, and the maids were too
hope -      had disappeared. I looked about in the hope of seeing a note, but
point -      point of view, but without noting anything else of interest.
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer started violently.
chase -      on the moor. They have given up the chase there, and he can lie quiet
read -      of a street lamp we read "Laburnum Villa" upon the gate-post of one
well -      "Well, we will not detain you any longer, and we are sorry to have
milverton -      lying at the mercy of the odious Milverton.
old -      into the crowd at the Old Deer Park. I expect I have changed a bit
well -      "Well, in the first place there is some very direct evidence. A
began -      The wretched creature began to whimper.
loose -      loose?"
boot -      the loss of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and
boscombe -      "Boscombe Valley is a country district not very far from Ross, in
hope -      but Hope's intimate knowledge of the mountains enabled them to regain
real -      with the crime, Colonel," said he. "The real murderer is standing
roundhay -      of the parish, Mr. Roundhay, was something of an archaeologist, and
point -      From every point on the compass there was nothing but torture and
turn -      owe you a good turn at Scotland Yard," said Lestrade. "At the same
london -      giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe, the London outfit
more -      impatience and continued to stare into the street. More than once he
mortimer -      When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he
bold -      be concealed; the bold deduction that the strong-room might also be
weeks -      sympathies, while he would devote weeks of most intense application
rooms -      "When I first came up to London I had rooms in Montague Street, just
west -      the spring. Two days ago some repairs were started in the west wing
way -      it gave way with a sudden snap, and we found ourselves within
rock -      Alpine-stock still leaning against the rock by which I had left him.
wall -      very high stone wall topped with broken glass. A single narrow
city -      hundreds in this great city who turn white at his name. No one knows
sutherland -      own master, you know. I am sorry that Miss Sutherland has troubled
settle -      settle this little matter of yours. Now, then! You want to know what
real -      book which would have told you of the real meaning and value of what
old -      points of interest as the episode of Yoxley Old Place, which includes
cunningham -      window, and Mr. Alec Cunningham saw him from the back passage. It was
musgrave -                The Musgrave Ritual
mark -      saw that mark on the carpet, down she dropped on the floor, and lay
south -      from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or
old -      "Well, we are quite in your hands, Mr. Holmes," said old Cunningham.
clatter -      sharp tap, followed by a clatter and rattle. The man was so intent
more -      it in the papers. If Holmes knew more he kept his own counsel, but,
london -      It was in the spring of the year 1894 that all London was interested,
well -      "Well, Watson, what do you think of it?" Holmes asked, as we came out
well -      won't stop for dinner? Well, good-bye, and let us know how you get
quarter -      surprised? I receive an anonymous communication from a quarter which
douglas -      "Well, now, we can reconstruct things on those lines. Mr. Douglas
lawn -      weight, and we saw by the light of a lantern the mark on the lawn
old -      "'Yes, I knew him well; in fact, he was an old suitor of mine. Thank
more -      more was said, and the three of us continued our journey together. In
read -      "'Cause I'd read in the papers that they weren't too particular in
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, no chance for you in this case, I'm afraid. Just a
willoughby -      young Mr. Willoughby Smith was stretched upon the floor. At first she
yonder -      signal? Come, speak up! Who is your confederate out yonder, and what
well -      American women whom I had known. Well, to make a long story short, I
milverton -      wanted. I know Milverton's house as I know the palm of my hand."
crown -      crown down at Hurlstone--though they had some legal bother and a
pinner -      terror, that man's name is Pinner. What can have put the shivers on
way -      see them, of course, in the inverse order to the way in which they
how -      once and had a look at the place, but I could not see how with my
quarter -      lonely corner, and there is no house within a quarter of a mile of
rooms -      in broad daylight, under the eyes of all these opposite rooms, forced
street -      fear I was already running down the village street, and making for
village -      them flying with white faces into the village. Within an hour I was
bellinger -      was none other than the illustrious Lord Bellinger, twice Premier of
salt -      cardboard box was inside, which was filled with coarse salt. On
high -      He seemed to live in some high, abstract region of surds and conic
well -      He shrugged his shoulders. "Well, perhaps, after all, it is of some
start -      The man gave a violent start.
home -      Morstan back to her home. After the angelic fashion of women, she had
way -      been doing. She had a decided genius that way: witness the way in
factory -      factory of Gelder & Co., at the very moment when these busts were
home -      I can remember. There are some bits that will come home to you, Mr.
downs -      It would have been a pleasant walk across the thyme-scented downs had
well -      "Well, I gave my mind a thorough rest by plunging into a chemical
point -      Explosive, no doubt, but then from his point of view he has something
bow -      ran up upon the mud-bank, with her bow in the air and her stern flush
southsea -      New Forest or the shingle of Southsea. A depleted bank account had
town -      under that name at some provincial town where Oldacre from time to
charles -      meet you face to face, and alone. Well, Charles Milverton, what have
wilton -      room save for a square of Wilton carpet in the centre. The boards
lodge -      hand on me. As to the lodge, wasn't it the order of the Bodymaster
salt -                            Formerly of Salt Lake City,
church -      "'The Church of St. Monica, John,' she cried, 'and half a sovereign
dovercourt -      Dovercourt. This fiend has several imprudent letters--imprudent,
moor -      him at once. He was on the moor path, about a quarter of a mile off,
park -      living together at 427, Park Lane. The youth moved in the best
lake -      "'You dog!' I said; 'I have hunted you from Salt Lake City to St.
greenwich -      any wharf on either side of the stream between here and Greenwich.
street -      Godolphin Street, Westminster. Our readers will remember that the
lodge -      lodge, and where there is a lodge I'll find my friends."
den -      sots, as I have done before now. Had I been recognised in that den my
touch -      asked, with a touch of asperity in her voice.
white -      with a slight stagger, and carrying a white goose slung over his
city -      City."
bank -      inquiry at the bank for the gentleman who has cashed these cheques.
station -      the Shadwell Police Station, and it has the advantage of being
well -      often. ... Well, we shall be round about six. You need not mention it
lawn -      There had been a man in the room, and he had crossed the lawn coming
point -      "Oh, yes, you can. This is my point." He placed his finger in the
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, have you solved this mystery yet?" He shoved the
forth -      as my diary records, that I was able to start forth on my mission to
wall -      crouched against the wall.  From the open door there reeked a
lady -      traced this lady so far, you can also say what has become of her."
pershore -      "I am a Worcestershire man myself,--born near Pershore. I dare say
street -      Baskerville had consulted me, spotted who I was in Regent Street,
twenty -      the last twenty years. She has hardly been away from her home for a
east -      to twelve to the east gate you will learn what will very much
close -      and empty saddle. Then the revellers rode close together, for a great
how -      "How on earth did you know that?" I asked in astonishment.
town -      recognition. Before reaching the town the hunter branched away into a
bradshaw -      Bradshaw. "It is due at Winchester at 11.30."
common -      "'Wandsworth Common,' said he.
well -      composure of manner. She was a blonde young lady, small, dainty, well
forth -      windows. Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth
woodley -      talking about him? What I wished to say was that Mr. Woodley was
read -      you read on you will find that this is not so. And when I have
start -      start was too great, and already the cab was out of sight.
way -      "In a modest way I have combated evil, but to take on the Father of
lady -      thanking me on the one side and the lady on the other, while the
lyons -      your acquaintance, Mrs. Laura Lyons."
north -      Then he was versed in the life of the cities of the North, of
glass -      motionless with utter terror. Then, with a sudden shivering of glass,
quick -      I killed them quick, but they are killing me slow; and if I have
common -      enable her to make the easy and common transition from a Republican
more -      was much more favourable to me than to any of the others, and he
reading -      Reading one--and the pearl must be there. I bought it in your
scales -      are dust. There are epithelial scales on the left. Those brown blobs
van -      van. We were near tragedy that night, and soon my lover and I
charing -      the commissionaire's wife, who did the charing, and I gave her the
well -      "Well, I've a conscience, sir, and when I chanced to see you go into
cross -      passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it
more -      science which might make me more efficient. Now and again cases came
manor -      of the Manor House had within five years won himself quite a
dunbar -      Dunbar is innocent. You know the facts--who doesn't? It has been the
letters -      bend of the elbow. The letters were still legible, but it was
pocket -      drew an envelope from his pocket. "I scribbled down a few points from
woking -      "He made his way to Woking by the first train, and having examined
way -      "Yes," said he, "there is no better way of approaching it. The
read -      "Nothing of any importance. The man's novel, with which he had read
british -      him you're an American citizen. 'It's British law and order over
tudor -      saw the widespread, half-timbered house, half Tudor and half
inch -      and made measurements everywhere, so that not one inch should be
catch -      there from early morning to late at night, and yet never to catch so
how -      "How, then, did you deduce the telegram?"
walls -      young beech. Where the two walls joined, several bricks had been
height -      it to my mind,' he answered, 'Brunton did ask me about the height of
point -      endeavoured to sound him upon the point, but he always glided away to
how -      yesterday that I learned how matters stood. But in any case I feel
old -      to it, and three rusty old disks of metal.
wood -      "Well, I first had the hammer examined. There was Dr. Wood there to
quick -      only a glimpse; but I have a quick eye for these things, and I never
more -      "I have jotted down the more essential ones upon this sheet of paper,
well -      "Well, we have several, but we can only test their value by further
home -      quick and supple as my own. He got home upon me very prettily that
laid -      "We ascended to his study, and he laid the debris before me. I could
true -      yourself thought that it was true. Several times during the last
green -      against the dull green and gray.
reading -      Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no
lodge -      more who were among the leaders of the lodge. He rejoiced that they
blacker -      a thousand times blacker.
ganges -      enough to go swimming in the Ganges. Luckily for me, my company
point -      rock over the point. "There are limits, you see, to our friend's
gibraltar -      the Rock of Gibraltar, their largest and best boat. A reference to
old -      Hague last year. Old as is the idea, however, there were one or two
home -      at nine, as he might not be home before that hour. I had some
overton -      reading it over and over. "Mr. Overton was evidently considerably
coast -      African coast about seven hundred to the east. On the whole, as the
law -      pay and half of them afraid of us. Or is it by the law courts and the
tore -      Sir Henry lay insensible where he had fallen. We tore away his
grange -      and Lady Brackenstall of Abbey Grange hasn't learned new ways. You've
heads -      naturally hideous, having large, misshapen heads, small, fierce eyes,
read -      luck upstairs. That is how I read it. What do you make of it, Mr.
how -      visitors had left us, "because it serves to show very clearly how
deal -      "A good deal."
how -      you know how we progress. I reckon you will hear within a day or
bold -      proposition rather a bold one; but Holmes at once took the prisoner
how -      window and made the mark on the sill to give an idea of how the
middle -      with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great
arsenal -      age, unmarried, and a clerk at Woolwich Arsenal."
shore -      they must have been a long mile from the shore before I caught them
swan -      The Black Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance
central -      central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenelated, and pierced
true -      it is true, have reversed my boots, as I have done on similar
send -      Mackleton Station, whence he could send some telegrams. Late at night
village -      or the sound of voices from the village, lightened our vigil; but one
amberley -      sure Amberley himself never observed it. You'll get results,
water -      it. When water is near and a weight is missing it is not a very
farewell -      And so, reader, farewell to Sherlock Holmes! I thank you for your
well -      escaped." Well, perhaps his explanation may be the right one, but I
mere -      fished from the mere.'
saints -      Saints, and Hope, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake
old -      "Well, it is not for me to judge you," said Holmes as the old man
south -      to the south. It brought me to the very threshold of the old door.
lawn -      without our entering the house, to the scar on the lawn where the elm
glass -      glass. The lamplight shone full upon him."
lynch -      was unable to congratulate you upon the result. Victor Lynch, the
weeks -      influences. Whole weeks would pass and not one of them go past the
mason -      "That's the window," said White Mason, "that one on the immediate
eye -      expression, a twitch of a muscle or a glance of an eye, to fathom a
lady -      "It's a missing lady, Sergeant, and we think she is in that house. I
dartmoor -      throat by giving you a breath of the pure night air of Dartmoor.
hope -      "I don't know, sir. I hope to heaven that he has gone, for he has
way -      "'This is my secretary and manager,' said the colonel. 'By the way, I
well -      "Well, well," said the resident patient, in a nervous fashion, "of
guide -      and having applied the rules which guide us in all forms of secret
walls -      month of grace. Sometimes the fatal numbers appeared upon the walls,
street -      had emerged from the opium den, and I was walking down the street
basil -      Captain Basil.
street -      Street, a narrow thoroughfare at the northeast side of the British
tiptoe -      three men having ascended the stairs, which they did on tiptoe, the
dawn -      winter's dawn was beginning to appear, and we could dimly see the
gravel -      gravel. The steps passed along the path on the other side of the wall
clouds -      looked through a blurred pane at the driving clouds and at the
ashes -      the burned ashes of the dead, and curious earthworks which hinted at
how -      "'For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?' I asked.
point -      but, from the point of view of the four associates, something in the
lock -      "The right track! Why, sir, we have the man under lock and key."
west -      across from west to east. The sun was shining very brightly, and yet
old -      not make me do that.  I had rather that Nancy and my old pals should
clatter -      the slight clatter which I made as I picked up the poker. In any
lady -      the scuffle without taking part in it, crowded in to help the lady
rooms -      still sharing rooms with Holmes in Baker Street, that he came home
street -      co-operation. I came to Baker Street by the Underground and hurried
send -      that of Watson will be somewhere in Norway--I'll send particulars
sudden -      My companion was paralyzed by the sudden horror of it, but I, as may
heads -      Hudson seems to have held over the heads of these two wealthy and
salt -      tracks proved that they had afterwards turned back to Salt Lake City.
common -      myself. Crime is common. Logic is rare. Therefore it is upon the
stones -      heap of stones, looked up at the stars, and so on. But I have been
spring -      face. Then it vanished, but I could not--I could not spring out of
bank -      strong-room--like a bank--with iron door and shutter--burglar-proof,
den -      the den of which I was in search. Ordering my cab to wait, I passed
chapel -      to be the ancient chapel. We entered the broken gap which was once
cornwall -      Cornwall the next. I've been on his track for years and have never
scotland -      come of it. When we got back to Scotland it was easily hushed up, and
hardest -      the hardest hit. He used to pay in notes and gold at first, but soon
well -      "Well, she took her glass, but now it is often a whole bottle of an
moorland -      apparition upon a lonely moorland path. Her eyes were on her brother
more -      however, the more dreadful parts of the tragedy. Thus, although I
douglas -      Mrs. Douglas, who was coming down the stairs. He entreated her to go
hope -      "Thanks. I hope that you will hear soon from Mr. Smith. I am going
court -      "None of those which come to me are. I am the last court of appeal."
deal -      a good deal of talk there about myself and my methods. The third of
bank -      plate. No living man could tell a Prescott from a Bank of England,
reading -      of continuing a novel which I was reading. The book, however, had
bare -      bare feet. The doctor knelt beside him and held down the hand lamp
more -      was more like a malignant and cunning ape than a human being,' said
how -      how a thing may come back to one. One never knows either who to trust
moor -      a great rolling moor, Lower Gill Moor, extending for ten miles and
way -      swear! Very glad I should be, sir, to see Sir Henry on his way back
barney -      don't know. My boss Barney gives me orders and that's all."
sound -      myself; then he couldn't slip away. There he is, all safe and sound.
way -      some way of keeping my poor Mary out of the courts."
central -      central guard-house in the middle of the fort, and to leave each gate
pocket -      West's body, with seven papers in his pocket, on the roof of a
turn -      "Shall we turn back?"
moor -      "Queer place, the moor!" said he.
how -      "How so?" I asked.
falmouth -      voyage of the bark Gloria Scott, from her leaving Falmouth on the 8th
well -      third person. That was the obvious reason. Well, after the murder I
hound -      But that cry of pain from the hound had blown all our fears to the
baldwin -      "Baldwin--he speaks like that, does he?"
more -      "I was never more serious in my life. A shocking crime has been
shoscombe -      him. But what is amiss at Shoscombe?"
turn -      in a moment of temper by his imperious employer. He in turn had
send -      future you shall send up Wiggins alone to report, and the rest of you
press -      with all the readers of the daily press, I knew little of my former
way -      "Thirty feet each way."
lady -      Our friend, Sir Henry, and the lady had halted on the path and were
well -      it well before she married me. She would never bring any stain upon
stanger -      Stanger got his full deserts there would be more trouble than we need
old -      Hammersmith wonder. Hullo! Hullo! Good old index. You can't beat it.
boscombe -      near Boscombe Pool, and that she was afraid that they were going to
crown -      your hat, or else that you turn the crown towards the person whom you
laid -      the passage, took a step forward and laid her hand upon the
lady -      here. It is eminently a case for personal investigation. If the lady
way -      There were, however, certain obstacles in the way, and the true
london -      slightly. But of course all London knew him. What a magnificent
scotland -      several times to the gentlemen from Scotland Yard, but he simply
baldwin -      Baldwin, the vulture face of Harraway, the secretary, and a dozen
town -      town, and I yearned for the glades of the New Forest or the shingle
how -      "How came this man to have anything to do with it?"
more -      They argue that they can do nothing more, and that whatever happens
well -      "Ah, that's good! Well, anyhow, that was in his mind. Let me see the
douglas -      nearly killed, and once again under the name of Douglas he worked in
mortimer -      "Against the charge of killing Mortimer Tregennis."
more -      as I can make out it is nothing more exciting than an Abbey's
how -      suggest that you take one. How would Lausanne do, my dear
more -      own safety when his mind was once absorbed by a problem, so that more
more -      Still more shaken was he next morning. They had sat down to their
well -      "Well, we just left it there."
mortimer -      "I did a good deal of shopping. Dr. Mortimer here went round with me.
west -      the west of England in connection with Boscombe Valley tragedy. Shall
bank -      the stones we stared intently at the silver-tipped bank in front of
success -      "Every success to your investigation, be the criminal who it may,"
common -      "Exactly," said Holmes. "What rugged common sense! None the less, I
common -      of shots is so common in an English sporting neighbourhood that no
grey -      grey dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet
aldershot -      Colonel Barclay, of the Royal Munsters, at Aldershot, which I am
close -      utmost importance. Close at the heels of his messenger came Cecil
farewell -      remember that last night when he bade farewell to my mother. He left
close -      street, or in some way come to understand how close the danger was,
rock -      his hand passionately upon the rock in front of us and stamped his
well -      upon his own family might well be driven by remorse to inflict it
stair -      Holmes ascended the stair first, and as he opened the door of our
quick -      for two days. Quick, quick, or it'll be too late!"
paris -      get on to Paris, mark down our luggage, and wait for two days at the
oldacre -      the bank-book show that Mr. Oldacre was in such very affluent
daren -      "Well, that's because he daren't trust you. But in his heart he is
charles -      "You think, then, that some dog pursued Sir Charles, and that he died
wish -      presence--tore it up furiously in a tempest of passion. 'I never wish
read -      Moriarty standing upon the narrow pathway which led to safety. I read
village -      to me to be the most primitive village in England. We made for the
woodley -      able to introduce you to Mrs. Woodley."
read -      disappearance of Captain Morstan. We read the details in the papers,
well -      "Well, it was up there. Come now, Watson, didn't you think yourself
amberley -      Holmes took a rather soiled card from the table. "Josiah Amberley. He
more -      more completely enjoyed his confidence. As his secretary I handled
street -      Baker Street.
well -      "Well, as soon as you conveniently can. Say in an hour."
well -      "Well?" asked Von Bork eagerly, running forward to meet his visitor.
well -      "Well, sir, you certainly got equal with me on that. But how in the
letters -      me in possession of several other letters. It occurred to me that if
twenty -      what he had. I have no doubt that he has twenty banking accounts; the
stand -      the stand in the courthouse. I'll give you something to think over
more -      "The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may guess,
glass -      recital, while his nurse poured him out a glass of some stimulating
old -      old, tumbledown building in a crazy state of disrepair. When the trap
county -      prompt steps to warn the county authorities that something serious
station -      was no trap at the station, so I had to walk, carrying my suitcase,
hound -      herring across a shire, how far can a specially-trained hound follow
america -      might claim the property from South America, establish his identity
close -      yourselves behind those. Then, when I flash a light upon them, close
box -      his bedroom, from which he returned presently pulling a large tin box
cathcart -      Blackwater, Sir Cathcart Soames--they all have entrusted their sons
law -      "I cannot promise to reciprocate, madame. I am not the law, but I
old -      "Old Ralph told me you were there, and I couldn't help taking a peep
high -      for a glass of his own wine and hold some high converse upon eels and
hope -      awaiting them. With unerring instinct Jefferson Hope picked his way
lake -      Boscombe Pool, which is a small lake formed by the spreading out of
eye -      and he bore over one eye the marks of a violent blow.  The other, who
well -      "Well, sir, I took no particular notice of his letters. I should not
station -      caught the 9.13. At Farnham Station I had no difficulty in being
hampshire -      The sun was setting and turning the rolling Hampshire moor into a
scott -      clocks it is quite possible that they may have got Scott Eccles to
british -      law. You are the prisoner. Watson, you are a British jury, and I
sudden -      sudden outflame of anger. "What in thunder had you to do with it?
quarter -      [ Picture: Scrap showing the words: At quarter to twelve, learn what,
turn -      turn their attention to the South of France. I have already said that
lawn -      the official theory. I crawled about the lawn with an August sun on
more -      The Gold King had reentered the room in a more chastened mood than he
well -      "Well now, Watson, suppose for a moment that we visualize you in the
old -      last night when a man old enough to be your father was beaten till
spring -      room on a spring evening?"
way -      sounded in the passage. "We'll soon see about that. This way,
well -      "Well, since you ask me, I spent, as I told you that I would, some
central -      floor. A chair had been placed close to the central window, with its
coat -      coat and pepper-and-salt trousers, with only one curious variant. He
point -      point, where my pipe is now resting, a country constable was on duty
old -      of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read
home -      moor so as to get it home without exciting any remarks. He had
cunningham -      clothes. Evidently, therefore, Alec Cunningham had lied when he said
amberley -      there is always Nature, Watson--Nature and Josiah Amberley--you can
more -      more, my man knew he was comin', for he had steam up in the launch. I
west -      Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet
well -      "No, sir! he has used this hotel for many years, and he is very well
station -      Shipley's Yard, near Waterloo Station."
mason -      White Mason chuckled and rubbed his fat hands together in his
point -      reference is to a book. That is our point of departure."
lady -      sequence of events as narrated by this lady, and nothing stranger
station -      neighbouring street, it must have passed the station barriers, where
well -      as well as I, for it was hardly six before he began to talk with the
selling -      to selling at a price."
wing -      which opened into a wing of the great hospital. It was familiar
moor -      and never set foot upon the moor again."
causeway -      paved causeway, and at others our smooth, silent course suggested
bare -      committed, and I think I have now laid bare every detail of it."
wish -      has everything she can wish."
common -      interest. There is something in common between these hands. They
sound -      "Sound as a bell."
mason -      "I had told Mrs. Mason. She knew."
well -      confine his energies to this all would be well, but there are rumours
well -      hundred yards. She was still, however, well in view, and the murky
lanner -      Mr. Lanner. It is a very deeply planned and cold-blooded murder."
fordham -      things are going to take. Kindly sign the paper where Mr. Fordham
county -      an ordnance map of the county out upon the seat and was busy with his
deal -      "Well, you are in the right place for that. There is a deal of it
old -      For the first time the old man stirred. "God bless you, Anna!" he
well -      "That is well! That is well!" said he. "May I offer you a glass of
well -      "Well, I don't think there is anything of value missing. I am sure
success -      everything depends upon my success. If I win, all is easy. If I
lady -      the cord was fastened to the chair. Only once had this lady been
cabin -      seldom smoked, and no pipe was found in his cabin. You remember that
elms -      "'Have you any old elms?' I asked.
way -      talk got that way I canna think; but he had out a reflector lantern
rope -      own rope. That I did not know. By the way, I had hoped that Tonga had
point -      a trap into which the creature walked. Any other point, Watson?"
way -      "He may find his way in, but never out," she cried. "How can he see
bank -      bank. Single ladies must live, and their passbooks are compressed
london -      would go for the London one first. I warned the inmates of the house,
stand -      apes. Oh, it was awful to see! I couldn't stand it, and the doctor
pool -      unfortunate soldier stone dead in a pool of his own blood.
woodley -      Mr. Woodley. He came for a visit of a week, and oh, it seemed three
turn -      turn, but at that moment I saw thick smoke curling up from
chesterfield -      Chesterfield.
lady -      possessed could clear up the cause for the lady's sudden departure.
more -      "Sit down, sir, sit down! There was another, more practical, reason.
clatter -      what this might mean when he heard the clatter of horse's hoofs, and
law -      I ain't the law either, and if you come in I'll be on hand also.
white -      often drop into my little shanty and smoke a pipe with me, for white
bold -      three of us can show a bold front to Brother Bartholomew. But let us
white -      heavy yellow wreaths. Our gas was lit and shone on the white cloth
market -      Everything which is in the market goes to Milverton, and there are
hound -      "The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its
stockdale -      say that no one, save Barney Stockdale and Susan, his wife, have the
water -      peering down at the gleam of the breaking water far below us against
how -      the frontal attack which I made upon him, and how imperturbably he
cliff -      lay above it at the base of the cliff, and along this I led the way,
well -      "Well, Sir Henry, your uncle had a letter that morning. He had
lady -      suggested the presence of a lady, and already my thoughts began to
douglas -      Douglas. You'll take my advice and still be on your guard."
coat -      in a long, brownish coat. He must have stayed in the room some little
north -      wind was coming round to the north, we thought that Sierra Leone
way -      strengthen it. By the way, there is one curious little point about
read -      with writing upon it. I raised it, and this was what I read, roughly
well -      well as locked. We would do better in the area. There is an excellent
bridge -      and before six when the bridge was raised. He slipped into this room,
read -      "'If then your eye goes onto read this line, I know that I shall
edge -      the taper on the edge of the table, and began to study it with minute
rose -      Holmes rose. Taking the forms he carried them over to the window and
more -      about eighteen, I gave them no more trouble, for I got into a mess
london -      Pioneers. Born London, 1840. Son of Sir Augustus Moran, C.B., once
point -      prompt them to take a broader point of view. I would warn your Grace,
broker -      hundred guineas, at a Jew broker's in Tottenham Court Road for
stand -      more than my nerves can stand."
start -      that cry and start troubled me more than all the rest, for there was
high -      a high road. The moor is intersected with paths and the moon was at
more -      the act, and no confession could make your guilt more heinous. If you
way -      the thief. In this way we get over the objection that no one would
swindon -      "What about Archie Swindon?" asked a brother.
quick -      on the floor. He dodged round the table as quick as an eel, and a
stanley -      but Sherlock Holmes, finding that Stanley Hopkins had gone off to
well -      well known by sight at the Yard as Holmes himself. Then I left that
more -      When I was alone once more, however, with the precious case lying
weeks -      weeks I shall be married, with the control of my own income, and then
reach -      his head, and laid a glass of brandy and water within his reach.
water -      that that turns my soul into water. And yet--and yet--what less could
sound -      there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of
stones -      stones, worn and sharpened at the upper end, until they looked like
well -      "Well, I suppose I may call him so. He has been sent on by the Yard.
began -      become my objective. I began my operations at Gloucester Road
moor -      The word "moor" only was printed in ink.
eye -      his eye fell upon an object which made every nerve of his body tingle
glass -      "How is the glass? Twenty-nine, I see. No wind, and not a cloud in
duns -      seemed all the more beautiful to eyes which were weary of the duns
way -      forcing a way through the drove, soon brought her to the outskirts.
touch -      boat's-length by this time, and almost within touch of our quarry. I
coat -      common loafer. With his collar turned up, his shiny, seedy coat, his
more -      More in your brains than in your pocket, eh? What would you say if I
weeks -      told me four weeks ago that Thurston had an option on some South
high -      some fanatic whose thoughts are set on high. I have seen such faces
mere -      brain. I am a brain, Watson. The rest of me is a mere appendix.
old -      "I expect the old gentleman has been putting two and two together,"
north -      assistance. Of course I dropped everything and set out for the North
weaver -      public, who could hardly tell a weaver by his tooth or a compositor
way -      "But everything went wrong with us. In some way I had excited the
jay -      jay, and give myself into your hands."
town -      went home to my mother in town.
bridge -      "With regard, then, to my presence at Thor Bridge that night, I
lake -      Saints, and Hope, the deceased prisoner, hails also from Salt Lake
turn -      your hat, or else that you turn the crown towards the person whom you
valley -      For a charming week we wandered up the Valley of the Rhone, and then,
old -      me. He told me that old Mrs. Porter had sent a boy down with an
lady -      other side. A blow was struck, and in an instant the lady, who had
well -      "Well, you can ask the King of Proosia, for all I care. I've had
true -      labour. It's as true as gospel, for I began as a ship's carpenter."
stand -      I stand to win a little on this next race, I shall defer a lengthy
turn -      turn. He bowed in perfunctory fashion as Holmes mentioned my name,
hill -      Hill. Two weeks ago I was passing this place when I chanced to look
mere -      the chain is complete. The papers may ask why the mere was not
lane -      Stockwell Place. Robert Street. Cold Harbor Lane. Our quest does not
carstairs -      vices. He had been engaged to Miss Edith Woodley, of Carstairs, but
point -      would also, from his point of view, be an advantage. It would be a
high -      Old Hall; Mr. Henderson, High Gable; Rev. Joshua Stone, Nether
crown -      "No, I don't think I have anything rarer than a Crown Derby tea-set."
touch -      solution is its own reward. If you will have the goodness to touch
common -      common, ordinary burglary, and well within the capacity of the poor
more -      "having secured the future, we can afford to be more lenient with the
stone -      considerable weight. Evidently, as they had dragged the stone up they
city -      now in the city of Agra, and desires to gain his way into the fort.
letters -      Several letters were waiting for Holmes at Baker Street. He snatched
way -      such a way that it is difficult to avoid treading in it in entering.
row -      I walked down the narrow passage between the double row of sleepers,
clouds -      wind. A half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its
moor -      across the moor. The sun was beginning to sink behind the stables of
well -      "Well, we had no particular reason to make a careful examination of
more -      family honour more highly than I do. She knows it well, and she knew
well -      "Well, you can hear what I say, anyhow. Listen now! Can you remember
keeping -      his burden, and weary from his exertions, he stumbled along, keeping
well -      "Well, they've got him, that's all. They raided his store last night,
stone -      stone, had struck with a sharp crack against the parapet, and had
seal -      oval seal is undoubtedly a plain sleeve-link--what else is of such a
town -      lived in the town of Atlanta, where she married this Hebron, who was
well -      leaning well back in his chair, "was a French artist who flourished
close -      said. "If I have not returned, wait for me. I am close on the track
hampshire -      way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them
well -      "Well, just bear in mind, Steve, that the lady in that house, and
mortimer -      conversation, and Dr. Mortimer, with his companion, had long vanished
mere -      see you, for the mere mention of the subject is very painful to
steps -      and savage animal who has heard the steps of the hunters.
how -      "How do I know that they are lying? Because it is a clumsy
old -      The old man sat with his mouth open staring wildly at Holmes.
how -      seized with a keen desire to see Holmes again, and to know how he was
way -      could climb like a cat, and he soon made his way through the roof,
lady -      Meantime, lady"--he wagged a cautionary forefinger--"have a care!
rose -      before I rose in the morning. Sometimes he spent his day at the
raise -      "And when I raise my hand--so--you will throw into the room what I
east -      light wind from the north and east the bark began to draw slowly away
hole -      a jury, even if you are able to pick a hole in it. Besides, Mr.
moor -      A sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouching among
lady -      now suppose that as he went to the theatre with the young lady he
rocks -      among the rocks, and snatched a few hours of sleep; but before
stair -      second one leads by means of a second small stair to a side door,
well -      "Well, of course, that is possible also. I am very much indebted to
more -      refuse heap, as he will you also. Your refuse heap is more likely to
warburton -      Warburton's madness. Of these the latter may have afforded a finer
hilton -      consultations which Mr. Hilton Cubitt has had with me in Baker
more -      out of the common. But in my opinion it comes more in Dr. Watson's
start -      spirit-lamp and give you a cup of coffee before we start."
mark -      mark, and here again upon the floor, and here again by the table. See
douglas -      "That is so! Mr. Douglas went round the house every night the last
read -      seemed to read in his dark, deepset, brooding eyes that he was
hatchet -      hatchet face, flushed up at the words of commendation. "I am on the
catch -      least a quarter of an hour's delay at the boat.  He will catch us
quarter -      quarter of an hour."
home -      "You don't mind my driving straight home, Sir Henry?" said Dr.
well -      "Well, there are alternative explanations. Anyhow, he wanted to get
turn -      of women! Do what I might, nothing could turn her from me. If I have
more -      few days, and which he anoints with lime-cream. These are the more
way -      and in this way.
read -      "Well, you've done it!" he cried at last. "I had read of you, but I
mark -      articles had a pencil mark at the heading, and I naturally began to
read -      "So I read the riddle."
surrey -      "Yes, sir; near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey."
well -      "'Well, I took to my heels, and I ran after the cab. I had a heavy
old -      can you give me some idea of Shoscombe Old Place?"
link -      "I have forged and tested every link of my chain, Professor Coram,
well -      out the man that I wanted. How well they succeeded, and how quickly I
shade -      A shade of anxiety seemed to me to cross my companion's expressive
frost -      spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten
white -      White Mason chuckled and rubbed his fat hands together in his
sheet -      that sheet of paper?"
quarter -      station. We secured a ramshackle trap, and in a quarter of an hour
way -      some strange way that we are drifting towards disaster. Edith--Miss
way -      On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was
green -      look it up you will find that the San Pedro colours are green and
dull -      into the test-tube and it flushed at once into a dull, dirty crimson.
how -      "And how?" I asked involuntarily.
well -      "Well, I hope the pride and justification and the rest of it will
how -      "Maybe Miss Ettie has told you how it is with us?" said Baldwin.
gang -      several others of the fiercest spirits of the gang. For ten years
how -      Sir Henry how the matter stood, and he at once, in his downright
waterloo -      Passing down the Waterloo Bridge Road we crossed over the river, and
stoop -      lower door. I saw him stoop and strain until with a sharp crash it
dull -      dull blur in front of us resolved itself now clearly enough into the
law -      eyes of the law. A man cannot be condemned for a murder at which he
beer -      "Some cold beef and a glass of beer," he answered, ringing the bell.
stock -      "Silver Blaze," said he, "is from the Somomy stock, and holds as
oxford -      sprint for nuts. Why, Morton or Johnson, the Oxford fliers, could
airedale -      I saw the faithful little creature, an Airedale terrier, laid out
how -      shield him and so showing that she loved him. You see how easy it was
manor -      with a master touch. You heard me warn this man at Birlstone Manor
eye -      a steady eye and say: 'He died within a month.' It wasn't hot air,
dunbar -      but I can never forget the effect which Miss Dunbar produced upon me.
how -      "'But how can we gain your freedom? You know very well that you ask
more -      turns up which is a little more complex. Then I have to bustle about
wish -      more clearly what it is that you wish me to do.'
home -      absurd in such a case--that he was not entirely happy at home. It is
well -      Well, well, the point is a minor one, and when you have Randall you
gibraltar -      officer of the Rock of Gibraltar. From the first day I met her she
street -      the street. You'll find old Jacob Shafter that runs it as honest a
holland -      Holland Grove beat--and we stood together at the corner of Henrietta
banks -      drive, with banks of rare shrubs on either side, opened out into a
read -      In the light of the lantern I read, with a thrill of horror, "The
east -      from Eyford, that was all I knew, but whether north, south, east, or
haven -      "Just the same old Teddy Marvin, at your service. We haven't
reading -      small essay in thought reading. Have you observed in the paper a
city -      "'You dog!' I said; 'I have hunted you from Salt Lake City to St.
twenty -      You will then learn in possibly twenty cases out of the twenty-three
success -      prepared. The young detective was in high spirits at his success.
box -      Between ourselves, what little I have is in that box, so you can
read -      be read, though it was gray on a black ground. It seemed to us to be
well -      "Well, then, of course I saw it all, and I ran off as hard as my feet
lane -      the garden behind into the stable lane. So long was he that Mr.
london -      him, but Gregson had firmly elbowed him back. London dangers were the
wilson -      "'Oh, never mind about that, Mr. Wilson!' said Vincent Spaulding. 'I
moor -      must stretch along this line, with the moor, as you perceive, upon
priory -                        THE ADVENTURE OF THE PRIORY SCHOOL
old -      Inspector Martin, the old, grey-headed country doctor, myself, and a
quarter -      them down, until quarter past eleven, when they rang the bell and
moor -      part at Coombe Tracey, and only used the hut upon the moor when it
frame -      for." A terrible sob shook his great frame, and he clutched his
more -      read by the fugitives without their seeing in it more than the
home -      officer in an Indian regiment who sent me home when I was quite a
hope -      four were beginning to hope that the time was at hand when we might
old -      could see old Smith, stripped to the waist, and shovelling coals for
wall -      wall. Then I walked down to my cab and found that there was nobody
brougham -      "No, my brougham is waiting."
lady -      the lady loves her husband, she does not love your Majesty. If she
well -      writing, and yet I know it well."
more -      nothing more. I presume that I may take it as correct--this article,
more -      fear him more than I can say. How can Mr. Carruthers endure such a
mark -      "But why didn't the police see this mark yesterday?"
pocket -      photograph found in the dead man's pocket. It is possible that I may
main -      main street of Birlstone village; for he was a frequent and welcome
stamford -      turning round I recognized young Stamford, who had been a dresser
well -      But alas that work so well organized and boldly carried out should
home -      the air of a man who was thoroughly at home.
warren -      breakfast we must make a little reconnaissance of Mrs. Warren's
london -      became a reporter on an evening paper in London. One day my editor
way -      the huge corroding fangs of some monstrous beast. In every way it
quick -      house, and gambling-den in the town, and his quick observation and
york -      Philadelphia or New York, where we would be safe from them."
lee -      "We are on the outskirts of Lee," said my companion. "We have touched
home -      When he had returned home he made his own preparations for the grim
bridge -      without attracting attention. She then went down to the bridge where
sudden -      motionless with utter terror. Then, with a sudden shivering of glass,
steps -      right up to the steps which led to the office. There was a double
how -      "And how would you describe Mr. Sherlock Holmes?"
stout -      The country detective was a stout, puffy, red man, whose face was
wish -      watch. "I wish you would come back with me, Inspector," said he.
rose -      the table. Then my friend rose and threw open the door.
lyons -      that I received a telegram from Lyons which informed me that Holmes
sudden -      us. Is it not natural that I should wonder at his sudden silence and
how -      "How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the
well -      so well, could see that he was deeply concerned."
pool -      horn-handled clasp knife was lying in a pool of blood beside him.
uppingham -      Smith has nothing against him either as a boy at Uppingham or as a
oakshott -      your silly talk I'll set the dog at you. You bring Mrs. Oakshott here
more -      very doors which was more intense, more engrossing, and infinitely
ruins -      castle in the air fell down, it buried him beneath the ruins. He was
old -      "Old woman be damned!" said Sherlock Holmes, sharply. "We were the
weeks -      weeks afterwards.
well -      far, you may as well give the name and earn the tenner."
street -      walked down Baker Street, revolving in my head how on earth I was to
london -      in health, he and his wife had returned to London, and Lady Frances
old -      world--the new brown, the old black, and the patent leathers, which I
lodge -      to the lodge he stopped at old man Shafter's. The house was forbidden
station -      before Aldgate Station. A courteous red-faced old gentleman
turn -      turn over the pages I see my notes upon the repulsive story of the
hope -      and her father would fain have rested longer, but Jefferson Hope was
old -      The sturdy old man, whom he had left so short a time before, was
point -      point which is of importance. You may not be aware that the deduction
well -      "Well, after this fiasco I went into the bedroom and examined that
mortimer -      friend Dr. Mortimer, and he was told by the latter all details about
cunningham -      has some claim on half Cunningham's estate, and the lawyers have been
lodge -      members of this lodge stand together there is no power in the United
market -      for the market. All the way there every man I met seemed to me to be
coat -      less! He came aboard with a black coat, and his papers right, and
porlock -      is more than likely that Porlock took his message from the old one.
america -      then was Mrs. Hebron. She went out to America when she was young, and
lead -      hardly fail to come upon the motive, which in turn should lead us to
how -      did it come from, how was it that no one saw it by day? It must be
old -      old house. And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there
more -      our knock, and nothing more substantial than a torrent of bad
fitzroy -      supposition could this stranger, Fitzroy Simpson, have caused curry
avenue -      walked up an oak-lined avenue to the fine old Queen Anne house, which
way -      couple of clamps. There was a rending, tearing sound as it gave way,
west -      north, south, east, and west every man who had a shade of red in his
true -      flight. That is the true story, gentlemen, of all that occurred."
west -      circumstances the first act of young Cadogan West would be to seize
bold -      addressed in large, bold handwriting to--"
lady -      down to the sitting-room. A lady dressed in black and heavily veiled,
london -      address of the man in London to whom the professor writes. He seems
thorpe -      Thorpe Manor a household word through the length and breadth of
north -      there was no gleam of hope. North, and east, and west he looked with
city -      St. Clair had her lunch, started for the City, did some shopping,
how -      incredible how slowly the hours crawled by, and yet we were helped
mere -      We have come now out of mere vagueness to the definite conception of
how -      you how we serve them in King's Pyland.' He sprang up and rushed
well -      "Yes. I knows well where it is. An' I knows where the men he is after
margate -      woman at Margate whom I suspected for the same reason. No powder on
glass -      glass in his hand again. First he dropped me, then he quarrelled with
more -      compared with the other. But we have more assured reasons than that
hill -      with a shiver, glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes," said MacDonald, "when we have got our man--and
pocket -      the waistcoat pocket were the only signs of billiards which I could
sussex -      "I came down to Sussex with the intention of seeing the captain, but
close -      been behind the hedge; then you would have had a close view of this
way -      letter is, as I had hoped, from Robert Ferguson. By the way, he
yell -      It was a dreadful cry that he gave--a yell which might have been
well -      knew well, because at my request he has played me some of
rooms -      more definite shape. His record must be examined. His rooms must be
wash -      their friends find admittance. "You have only to wash his face and
inch -      inch of it. And now for lunch, and then for Norman Neruda. Her attack
well -      "Well, was there?"
norfolk -      "'"I've had enough of Norfolk," said he. "I'll run down to Mr.
how -      "How on earth did you do that?"
high -      Sherlock Holmes and I walked together to the High Street, where he
lady -      the goodness to give the lady this note?"
more -      more definite shape. His record must be examined. His rooms must be
douglas -      enough upon her just now. I may tell you that poor Douglas had just
read -      therefore, and she came, so far as I can read the evidence, without
more -      "The second case, however, was more serious and also more singular.
sudbury -      for Sudbury and Blount, the two students who had found the dog.
glass -      glass before he could be seen. There is a three-foot flower-border
well -      "Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?"
rope -      lowered you this good stout rope which I see in the corner, securing
leadenhall -      took. Hosmer--Mr. Angel--was a cashier in an office in Leadenhall
read -      Here, Watson, we are all equally anxious to hear it, so kindly read
elms -      Our course now ran down Nine Elms until we came to Broderick and
more -      more than I loved her. I had a right to her. She was pledged to me
milverton -      Milverton relapsed into his chair.
more -      more important it seems to grow. When you referred in your ledger to
ashen -      She stared at him with an ashen face and gulped twice before she
mark -      McMurdo was a man who made his mark quickly. Wherever he was the folk
read -      men. There also one may read of the shooting of Mrs. Larbey when she
street -      track by entering a lodging-house in Edmonton Street and leaving by
row -      Holmes pointed with a chuckle to one of these, a row of residential
weeks -      It was a few weeks before my own marriage, during the days when I was
lady -      an hour; it is unusual for burglars to strike a lady to prevent her
cross -      here to Charing Cross. But I think I have the key of the affair now."
common -      showed that it was no common vintage which the murderers had enjoyed.
read -      may read the details of them. There one may learn of the shooting of
moor -      strange creature upon the moor. Twice I have with my own ears heard
old -      clumsily, and scared her off from it. She has spoken about my old
start -      companion answered in a gruff monosyllable she gave such a start that
twenty -      house in the trade, and have been this twenty years. How many had I?
stair -      is on the stone of the stair also. The demonstration is complete. Let
way -      "Dear me!" said Holmes, and he smiled in a singular way as he glanced
more -      We soon, however, had another and a more striking proof that there
more -      Altamont," said he, "I don't see why I should trust you any more than
read -      criminal. Had he read that letter his confidence would have been for
baldwin -      may I introduce you to Mr. Baldwin?"
more -      dollar notes, "and as much more when he has seen all my papers."
valley -      Valley."
well -      this American stunt--I beg your pardon, Watson, my well of English
street -      reached the street in question. I hopped off before we came to the
well -      dejected; but we wedged in as well as we could and soon found
charles -      "You acknowledge then that you made an appointment with Sir Charles
more -      the older of them has not been there more than a few months. They
well -      "Well, we have them all laid out at the house if you would care to
true -      barbarous deed? There were, it is true, small grottos and caves in
birmingham -      myself over it, and next day I was off to Birmingham in a train that
loose -      Our visitor had risen also, and his great loose figure towered above
river -      up the river and down the river without result. The launch was not at
south -      On the south of the house is, as you perceive, a large district of
hope -      "I don't fear them, or their warrant," Hope said, earnestly. "You
ross -      possible. The table was set out ready for me, and Mr. Duncan Ross was
law -      that the law was after me. It all worked just as I thought.
more -      "He must guard himself, for he may find that there is someone more
old -      "She had screamed when he struck her, and that brought old Theresa
boot -      "Still looking for your boot?"
bulk -      light. Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof
well -      "Well?" she cried, "well?" And then, seeing that there were two of
cunningham -      quarter to twelve when the alarm broke out. Mr. Cunningham had just
barrow -      a coster's orange barrow. I should not have thought there were so
well -      last day. Well, James opened the letter and inserted a note asking
inch -      inch and a half long. Look for such a pencil, Mr. Soames, and you
well -      "Well, that makes it the more effective. You yacht against them, you
court -      it to the proper authorities. The case would then never go into court
more -      "Not more than two miles to the Hall gates. That's the road to the
park -      house, standing in a considerable park. I should judge it was of all
way -      I understood that in some way Gorgiano had found our retreat. Finally
shoscombe -                The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place
weeks -      weeks. When at last he was liberated, it was only to find that
well -      just as well that we should do business with the male relatives. And
well -      you that I know the young lady in question very well.  If you should
norfolk -      We had not long to wait, for our Norfolk squire came straight from
more -      turned on. The door closed once more, and the pungent reek of a
ridge -      ridge, and, standing upon a lofty pinnacle, craned his neck in every
lady -      "Ask Lady Hilda Trelawney Hope if she will be kind enough to step
steps -      steps within the room and saw a shadow pass backward and forward
stair -      stair Mr. Barker had rushed out of the study. He had stopped Mrs.
old -      saw, it is true, an unwonted tidiness, but the old landmarks were all
valley -      "The Valley of Fear," the lady answered. "That was an expression he
bow -                                   HIS LAST BOW
sale -      should think that the sale of the jewellery should be sufficient.
how -      "How could they have got on to Steiner?" he muttered. "That's the
weald -      journey to Harrow Weald."
touch -      "I beg that you will not touch me with your filthy hands," remarked
mason -      recollection.  "The child is safe with Mrs. Mason, and there he must
quarter -      "He will be home, sir, at a quarter to one."
street -      from Westhouse & Marbank, of Fenchurch Street, to say that the
mortimer -      to see Dr. Mortimer, but to my surprise it was a stranger who was
way -      Watson. Well, we shall see. By the way, you have that big umbrella of
way -      "You can put it that way if you like."
westminster -      hat, Watson, and we will stroll down together to Westminster."
temple -      attended at the Temple? Have I not--?"
balmoral -      second son of the Duke of Balmoral, and Miss Hatty Doran, the only
blackthorn -      blackthorn cudgel in his hand. He rushed at one of the burglars, but
home -      and the Home Secretary both sitting on that very sofa. Mr. Holmes was
settle -      managed to settle down among them. They had one very good quality:
wood -      Doors, by the famous observer, J. G. Wood. Wood himself very nearly
well -      Well, well, he will be here, I dare say, by the time I have looked
shoscombe -      has cut deep into the life of the Shoscombe household. What is that
old -      building, very old in the centre, very new at the wings with towering
brixton -      "This is Mrs. Merrilow, of South Brixton," said my friend with a wave
moor -      "My unhappy brother is starving on the moor. We cannot let him perish
way -      and he must go the way of all flesh, material or imaginary. One likes
way -      further clue. In his case a trailer of ivy had given way under his
common -      "Why, you're a common burglar."
stone -      "Sir, I am bewildered. But--yes--it is indeed the Mazarin stone. We
how -      "I don't see how that is to be managed, unless you break in the door.
woodley -      Woodley's waistcoat. He spun round with a scream and fell upon his
turn -      mind would still turn to the apparition at the window and the
well -      "Well, have you anything more?"
town -      town through the United States in quest of his enemies. Year passed
hope -      the hope of finding them."
catch -      We were fortunate enough to catch an early train at Waterloo, and in
scotland -      Scotland Yard at once as a preliminary to starting for Eyford."
high -      high. It was perfectly easy, therefore, for anyone to get into the
dawn -      almost gone and the dawn be breaking above us. My limbs were weary
gravel -      Barrymore on the soft gravel, and finally I carefully examined the
hound -      a manner. On the morning after the death of the hound the fog had
more -      him less reticent and more human than anywhere else. On the upper
touch -      him. I suppose the whole thing is not a vision and a touch of
street -      with me. "I have my eye on a suite in Baker Street," he said, "which
bank -      nearly at the bank. It was a wild and desolate place, where the moon
rose -      sulphur rose. Admiration was, I repeat, the first impression. But the
letters -      his successors. Did you remark the postmarks of those letters?"
well -      "Well, now, that is real kind of you, Dr. Watson," said he. "You see
letters -      against identification. There were no papers or letters, and no
halifax -      appointment at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, and took his children over to
laid -      "Tell us, then, how Cadogan West met his end before you laid him upon
old -      support for the old worm-eaten baulk of timber which spanned the
how -      explosives--nothing is prepared. How, then, can England come in,
mortimer -      Sir Henry Baskerville and Dr. Mortimer were ready upon the appointed
steps -      There had been a ring at the bell. A minute later we heard steps upon
ash -      knocked his ash off against the chest of drawers. The third fellow
den -      den, and we can then remove Miss Stoner to some place of shelter and
lyons -      after our return from Lyons we were under the Colonel's roof. Hayter
bridge -      buckshot gun of his before ever I could draw on him. After the bridge
street -      street beyond. There was no lamp near and the window was thick with
village -      seen far away moving towards the village of Fulworth. Having
warren -      of it all? Mrs. Warren's whimsical problem enlarges somewhat and
more -      was no more to be said--and yet!--and yet!"
beach -      where the beach was hollowed out it was four or five feet deep. It
lady -      "I never had such a dress, sir," answered the lady.
box -      other interpretation. Of the two pills in that box one was of the
well -      wicked, flattened faces? Well, that's how Milverton impresses me.
petersfield -      Petersfield. Those are all the notices which appeared before the
rattle -      the rattle of the wheels.
high -      our little expedition. And now it is high time we were off. Have you
pocket -      kindly put your army revolver in your pocket." He waved his hand,
wooden -      table, on the wooden chair, sat Dr. Grimesby Roylott clad in a long
kent -      Kent, who is a surgeon, was prepared to stay with me. It seemed
began -      cloud upon the men's spirits, and many there for the first time began
station -      to the station. The bridge, no doubt, was too crowded, even on such a
more -      I can hardly imagine anything more strange, more utterly
stone -      stone at once, for I did not know at what moment the police might not
well -      "Oh, it is as well to test everything. Our inspection was not wasted.
more -      "They are more visible from the road," suggested Mr. Joseph Harrison.
old -      just where we are. Old Mr. Cunningham was at that window--the second
way -      accomplished, a wonder-woman in every way. It is this daughter, this
mortimer -      "Only one more question, Dr. Mortimer. You say that before Sir
began -      throws reserve to the winds, he began.
how -      "What about Holmes? How is he?"
wish -      mission to-day has justified itself, and yet I could almost wish that
way -      from the way in which the flags were distributed that they were used
well -      "Well, Jonathan Small," said Holmes, lighting a cigar, "I am sorry
crown -      "Where the Crown diamond now is."
send -      Agent, Ratcliff Highway. Send three men on, to arrive ten to-morrow
more -      ten minutes we had all found our quarters. In ten more we were seated
old -      He sat opposite to me and lit a cigarette in his old nonchalant
quarter -      Sherlock Holmes a puzzled quarter of an hour. It was addressed to
box -      instantly flashed across my mind that the box might have been meant
street -      "To the Leadenhall Street Post Office, to be left till called for. He
way -      constitution showed some symptoms of giving way in the face of
flint -      died. My God! how he died! But my heart was flint, for he endured
hill -      it be indiscreet if I were to ask you, Dr. Hill Barton, how you
worth -      be so absurdly simple as to be hardly worth my notice, is rapidly
station -      The London express came roaring into the station, and a small, wiry
quick -      turned over and examined with quick, nervous fingers and darting,
lawn -      her footmarks easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where
harrow -      see Mr. Holmes, and tell him his life ain't safe if he go down Harrow
main -      thought the tutor must return by the main gate, and that he would see
more -      more in England. Some six months afterwards the Marquess of Montalva
began -      I stooped in some confusion and began to pick up the fruit,
laid -      his dress-coat--he had placed his overcoat on a chair--Holmes laid
moorland -      countryman, one a farrier, and one a moorland farmer, who all tell
sudden -      fired two shots. I felt a sudden hot sear as if a red-hot iron had
way -      petty way as ever came before me. Now, let me just run over the
moor -      whole moor. Is that a place where a shepherd would be likely to take
yell -      yell he gave; and his face gets between me and my sleep! I stood
london -      Norfolk. Last year I came up to London for the Jubilee, and I stopped
charles -                    THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON
lady -      Armstrong, whose name the obliging young lady at the office allowed
way -      way. Then we turned our steps towards this ill-omened house in which
worth -      "It's worth trying, Watson," said Holmes. "Of course, with a warrant
home -      withdrawal to my little Sussex home, when I had given myself up
street -      myself back once more in the old rooms in Baker Street.
douglas -      'Douglas' --'rich-- country-- now-- at-- Birlstone-- House--
well -      is in a good humour all is well."
court -      "If you leave it to a court of law to clear the matter up," said he,
stapleton -      to Stapleton, and he brought the remains of his fortune, his schemes
street -      herself at Baker Street late in the evening and implored his
clouds -      down one inch from the golden throne above the clouds where I always
mark -      "Found dead without a mark upon him. You and I know that he died of
deal -      as deadly, and a good deal less noisy than firing across a
how -      "How could they get in?"
sound -      I am a coward, Watson, but that sound seemed to freeze my very blood.
point -      are, I fancy, nearing the end of our quest, and the only point which
steps -      "Are you, though!" cried Peters as a woman's voice and heavy steps
how -      morning train to the care of her good aunt at Harrow, of how the slow
eye -      "Why," I cried, as I cast my eye over it, "this is terrible!"
london -      wilderness of London is a pleasant thing indeed to a lonely man. In
paddington -      live at no very great distance from Paddington Station, I got a few
ross -      said Colonel Ross, bluntly, as my friend left the room. "I do not see
green -      lives before now. You notice those bright green spots scattered
began -      "Mr. Sherlock Holmes--" I began, but the words had a most magical
close -      swiftly along the path, passed close to where we lay, and went on up
lock -      turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
flat -      corner. In the middle of the hut a flat stone served the purpose of a
how -      "And how did you find out?"
way -      way into the house, waits for Mr. Douglas, blows his head nearly off
cross -      "Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross
scott -      "I can make nothing of this mystification of Scott Eccles."
rose -      been talking, and he rose from his chair now with a cold sneer upon
way -      way up the hill, when, looking in the direction of Holdernesse Hall,
rose -      chatting about her approaching wedding. At eleven o'clock she rose to
heads -      panelling, and a fine array of deer's heads and ancient weapons
norfolk -      Norfolk squire, but there is not a man in England who ranks his
station -      Mortimer to Baker Street and afterwards to the station and to the
point -      railroad at the point where it emerges from the tunnel immediately
hammersmith -      Hammersmith. From ten o'clock onwards Mr. Lucas had the house to
link -      carried out her terrible purpose. Every link is now in its place and
read -      picturesque account of the matter, which I read with great interest
well -      "Well, well, we shall be strong enough. 'Thrice is he armed who hath
sheet -      Holmes pulled a large sheet of tissue-paper out of his pocket and
hope -      being told," said he. "But I will give you the facts, and I hope to
read -      Flag of Freedom which would raise horror in our minds if we read of
more -      "Ah, that was a more daring shot, though I have no doubt that I was
rooms -      rooms, presuming that he knew where the rooms were? The call must
lady -      horrified that she wished to call the husband, but the lady implored
rose -      central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenelated, and pierced
more -      incidentally waste the time of men who are more busy than yourself.
reading -      lowering the bridge. That's my reading of the first half."
oldacre -      tramp! He seizes a stick, which he observes there, kills Oldacre, and
sudden -      left by the carelessness of your servant. A sudden impulse came over
swindon -      on the scene of action. We lunch at Swindon, and I see that we shall
crown -      "I was only Crown Prince then. I was young. I am but thirty now."
how -      "Yes, but how can we get at the criminal's pocket before we catch the
wall -      of the building, and my bedroom wall has been pierced, so that I have
well -      aimed at as well as my honor?"
box -      his, and we followed him. Lestrade mounted the box, whipped up the
hound -      night ever seen any strange creature or heard the baying of a hound.
how -      been very closely shadowed by someone since he has been in town. How
lady -      lady and the man Stapleton?"
rose -      then Barker rose and came towards me.
forth -      drew forth a pair of boots. "American, as you perceive," he remarked,
east -      "There's an east wind coming, Watson."
pocket -      Holmes glanced at the paper and put it into his pocket.
wimbledon -      way to Wimbledon, travelling by road, and they were simply camping
boundary -      at the crossroads which is beyond its boundary. Here three men were
home -      Trevelyan will make it convenient to be at home.'
old -      quivered over the gaunt features of the old Professor.
mere -      "Had there been women in the house, I should have suspected a mere
spring -      the spring. Two days ago some repairs were started in the west wing
read -      morning I received this letter, which you will perhaps read for
how -      quarrel may have been, or how hollow the reconciliation we cannot
more -      "It is more than that. It is the only hypothesis which covers the
stoke -      Stoke Moran. It is not necessary that I should prolong a narrative
way -      that any strong sign of interest would be the surest way to stop his
way -      his way. The fact that the crime was committed at two in the morning,
box -      flat box as she spoke, and showed me six of the finest pearls that I
how -      your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will
piece -      He drew a small piece of cardboard from his pocket. It was the face
south -      opinion that she had gone south to see her relatives. It had been
village -      village constable, a big, ginger-moustached man of the slow, solid
old -      window on to the ancient lichen-tinted court of the old college. A
boot -      now the return of the new brown boot. Holmes sat in silence in the
scotland -      Scotland Yard, a plain-clothes man, and myself. Bradstreet had spread
lodge -      we paced up and down in front of Briony Lodge, waiting for the coming
milverton -      Milverton is a heavy sleeper and retires punctually at ten-thirty.
douglas -      mat--he shot Douglas in this horrible way. He dropped his gun and
how -      her task and how it was to be performed. The travel-stained
more -      The Count's knotted brows gathered more heavily over his menacing
how -      unable to follow you. For example, how did you deduce that this man
town -      excavations. But the town showed a dead level of mean ugliness and
london -      London, and down I went to squeeze him. The first night he was
street -      "You had best take Baker Street as we pass," said I. "Mr. Holmes may
crown -      "'And how was it then that Charles did not get his crown when he
wall -      line of glass-stoppered bottles was drawn up upon the wall opposite
trevor -      "'You horrify me, Trevor!' I cried. 'What then could have been in
cambridge -      young man at Cambridge. I have seen his testimonials, and from the
well -      "Well, Watson, there seemed to be no more to say, so I took my leave
mitton -      Sometimes he visited Paris for three months on end, but Mitton was
rise -      if we parted with the chaplet it might give rise to gossip and
comfort -      the most perfect comfort. There I was stretched when you, my dear
how -      "How did you trace it, then?"
rattle -      followed shortly by the rattle of wheels and the clink of horses'
dull -      another dull wilderness of bricks and mortar, its silence broken only
box -      carried the box, therefore, into the same hall where we had buried
street -      Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street
cambridge -      "I wired to Cambridge to learn if anything had been heard of him
how -      Little did I think how soon the words of Holmes would be realized, or
water -      till I have had a word with you. That's why I give you water. There,
lake -      Disguised, and under an assumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City,
point -      approached by a double stair. From this central point two long
well -      "Yes, yes," cried the Duke, impatiently. "If you do your work well,
openshaw -      disappearance of Openshaw from America with their papers. It may well
lewisham -      age of sixty-one, bought a house at Lewisham, and settled down to
west -      West Country, for none of which was any criminal ever arrested. The
close -      referred, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yards from the
mark -      blazing from under the terrible mark upon her brow. Then the strong,
london -      around him made him the very worst tenant in London. On the other
well -      may as well return Toby, for I don't think it is at all likely that
old -      Old Shafter was quite ready. The stranger made no bones about terms,
lady -      manager. Lady Frances, as he informed me, had stayed there for
stream -      the neck from which a stream of blood had escaped. The nurse was so
way -      gold, became wealthy men, and made our way over to England without
chatham -      weary journey we alighted at a small station some miles from Chatham.
lawn -      sitting-room; above, his bedroom. They looked out upon a croquet lawn
martin -      Inspector Martin they were clear that every door was fastened upon
town -      within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy
high -      year's absence, to High Gable. I may add that he is enormously rich,
loose -      "My cab's at the door. If you'll loose my legs I'll walk down to it.
rope -      rope was there as a bridge for something passing through the hole and
well -      "could you not repeat it for me? Well, if you think it necessary, I
crown -      case of the Crown diamond."
flush -      "No, sir," Bennett answered with a flush.
old -                       THE ADVENTURE OF SHOSCOMBE OLD PLACE
ripley -      called Ripley, where I had my tea at an inn, and took the precaution
butt -      "He never lost his grip; but he got it butt downward for a moment too
hope -      Bewildered and stunned by this blow, Jefferson Hope felt his head
comfort -      there was in her also the instinct to turn to me for comfort and
fleet -      His record was magnificent. There was not an officer in the fleet to
cunningham -      "You'll want it," said young Alec Cunningham. "Why, I don't see that
old -      "Just the same old Teddy Marvin, at your service. We haven't
grove -      little grove of Scotch firs, and I used to be very fond of strolling
bedfordshire -      Bedfordshire in company with Mr. James M. Dodd. As we drove to Euston
box -      "Well, when I came to examine the box I found there was no money in
well -      Well, I happen to be clear to-morrow afternoon. If you would say a
eagle -      the Eagle CaÃ±on, from which they had commenced their ill-fated
charles -      "Since Rodger Baskerville, Sir Charles's younger brother died
aldershot -      I, at the request of Major Murphy, went down to Aldershot to
more -      wanted anything more than the love and possession of that woman. I
paris -      Sometimes he visited Paris for three months on end, but Mitton was
court -      court. If she were seated on the chair when the crime was done, how
well -      "Well, I had to find a job. I have been busy."
park -      My observations of No. 427, Park Lane did little to clear up the
close -      "Very likely not; but I can quickly show you a close connection. Here
loose -      Mutiny broke out, and all hell was loose in the country.
reading -      I had been reading.  Holmes edged his way round the wall and flinging
park -      "Quite so. And she was afterwards seen walking into Hyde Park in
common -      more common occurrence than any one would think who only knew me
law -      sting and leave him harmless for the future. Apart from the law he
steps -      with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women
wall -      highway by a low wall with an iron rail above it.  It was into this
park -      A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening
merton -      "That will be Sam Merton--the faithful but rather fatuous Sam. Where
lady -      Lord Eustace and Lady Clara St. Simon (the younger brother and sister
lady -      the lady had no intention of inflicting so grievous an injury. An
true -      saw, it is true, an unwonted tidiness, but the old landmarks were all
hound -      were dealing with a real hound, as no other supposition could explain
west -      foundered in Lat. 15Â° and Long. 25Â° west, and then cut the painter
rooms -      returned from taking our luggage to our rooms. He stood in front of
south -      Duchess taking up her residence in the South of France. This had
way -      from the beginning; but in some extraordinary way James became
old -      wonderfully silent house. There was an old clock ticking loudly
read -      upon it, and I read upon his eager face how much it meant to him,
success -      he aspired. He was still chuckling over his success when Billy swung
wish -      can see, no reason on earth why anyone should wish him harm."
oath -      That is an oath that I can put my hand to my heart and swear that I
start -      think that she recognized me. I saw her start, and she hastily closed
well -      "'Well, sir,' said he in a rasping voice, 'I should be interested to
pocket -      right-hand pocket of his jacket.
city -      recognised character in the City. All day a stream of pennies, varied
way -      legal way."
central -      over to expose the central page. "Here it is, and with your
moat -      stirring up the moat with something which he held in his hand. Then
london -      over at once to London, called in my own person at Baker Street,
began -      the taper on the edge of the table, and began to study it with minute
began -      when they talked of marrying within the week, I began to ask about
sheet -      Mycroft Holmes took out a sheet of paper.
marshes -      over the dreary marshes of the Thames and the long, sullen reaches of
point -      grave interests involved the affair up to this point would be
start -      as my diary records, that I was able to start forth on my mission to
harrow -      journey to Harrow Weald."
settle -      to give him an advance upon his allowance, that he might settle his
more -      Brother Baldwin here, and five more. Then I can talk freely of what I
wish -      "I wish I could look over your collection, Mr. Garrideb," said he.
raise -      raise my head. When I did look up I saw Arthur standing in the
old -      "'One child--one dear little romper just six years old. Oh, if you
wooden -      burning charcoal, beside which on a three-legged wooden stool there
well -      Norwood afterwards. Well, this injury, as he would consider it, has
london -      say to a ramble through London?"
way -      way of reaching the window--and yet he was there."
walls -      visitors of European fame within the walls of our humble room in
hope -      hatred of an old rival. That evening Jefferson Hope was taken into
lead -      whither that hypothesis will lead us. And now here is my pocket
more -      "Exactly. The candle, which was a new one, is not burned more than
march -      One night--it was on the twentieth of March, 1888--I was returning
bay -      still at my heels. When I reached the end I stood at bay. He drew no
musgrave -      "'I must see that paper, Musgrave,' said I, 'which this butler of
pocket -      "At your old tricks again," he laughed, patting his bulging pocket.
white -      wish ever to score at their expense. At the same time, Mr. White
mere -      "The mere fact that the ring should be absent, whoever may have
way -      in some unknown way for the secret of rejuvenescence and the elixir
america -      part, I should like all Europe and America to hear the rights of it."
well -      room. He was well but quietly dressed in a dark-gray suit, and
more -      you will promise that there shall be no more in the future.'
forth -      "Such as they are, they are set forth in a single article of a
baldwin -      "And time, too!" cried Ted Baldwin. "Folk are gettin' out of hand in
edge -      into the edge of it. It hinged back like the lid of a box. A small
street -      direction of Baker Street, but from the back of the very house in
town -      believe there has been a change from a town hospital to a country
stapleton -      throughout. There can be no doubt that Stapleton exercised an
read -      which I read in my friend's eyes. Yet the scene in the dining-room of
stone -      fish. But I have not got the stone. What is the use of taking them?
laid -      unkindly, as he laid his hand upon the shoulder of the prostrate man,
london -      London. There have been no advertisements in the agony columns. You
how -      "how the deuce did he know that I had come from Afghanistan?"
horsham -      Horsham, and all went as well as possible with us until the January
white -      more and passing his hand over his high white forehead, "you can
wilson -      Mr. Jabez Wilson here has been good enough to call upon me this
way -      way of the woods to the Boscombe Pool. It was damp, marshy ground, as
start -      words, she gave a violent start and looked up, with fear and
wish -      "Saddle a horse, my lad," said he. "I shall wish you to take a note
way -      far less try to force their way into the cabin. What do you think of
trench -      great trench in the opposite hill. That is his mark. Yes, you will
lady -      young lady has informed us--and I have the greatest confidence in her
victoria -      from Victoria if you could come."
well -      "'Well, the fact is,' he remarked, 'that when I recover from these
well -      of southerly gales. My father's yacht may well have been blown to the
white -      the blood dripped from his white hairs? Was that crime--or what else
stand -      "I'll do that. You can stand right back and let me run it. Even your
lady -      from South America. Like most lonely ladies, Lady Frances found her
west -      confidence that he saw Cadogan West--whom he knew well by sight--upon
mark -      rooms smelling of iodoform, with a black mark of nitrate of silver
stone -      examined the stone ledge and the grass border beyond it.
london -      London, hotel London, theatrical London, literary London, commercial
lady -      "Do you know the young lady?" I asked.
hales -      prominently before the public. This was Cecil James Barker, of Hales
tore -      He tore himself from her as he spoke, and, flinging himself upon his
mortimer -      "By the way, Mortimer," said I as we jolted along the rough road, "I
plantation -      Gable I was up one of the trees in the plantation and saw you down
tottenham -      hundred guineas, at a Jew broker's in Tottenham Court Road for
bath -      A Turkish bath is what we call an alterative in medicine--a fresh
west -      heading to the west, for the gold fever had broken out in California,
emsworth -      I don't quite look the smart Lance-Corporal Emsworth, of B Squadron,
stapleton -      Stapleton still looked hard at him. Then he turned to me.
white -      me, sobbing and trembling, and as white as a piece of paper. There
more -      reminded him that he was nothing more than his paid servant, and that
park -      progress. In the evening I strolled across the Park, and found myself
more -      seemed to me that he was more nearly moved by the softer human
edge -      the edge of a precipice. We must wish you good-morning now, Mrs.
lambeth -      down near the water's edge at Lambeth. The third house on the
camberwell -      "No. 31 Lyon Place, Camberwell."
chase -      "I hope a wild goose may not prove to be the end of our chase,"
lake -      and at the huge lake of fog which lay over the Grimpen Mire. "I see
how -      I do not know how the incriminating book was used. Sir James may have
more -      as thunder, and he took to drinking a deal more than was good for
bog -      mottled expanse of green-splotched bog which stretched away until it
mere -      know myself now, for the rest is mere surmise and conjecture. We have
stove -      brought about. Then I tied the bodies into the boat, stove a plank,
read -      This is the letter which I read to him--
gang -      of the Sholto gang. You can come with us to-night if you want to be
woking -      "Yes, I sent wires from Woking station to every evening paper in
fence -      fence into the grounds."
worth -      would put the worth of the coronet at double the sum which I have
lead -      of my brougham, and if you desire a twenty-mile ride which will lead
wood -      half a dozen spines of dark wood, sharp at one end and rounded at the
well -      well provided for in other respects."
way -      farther, for they had covered their traces in a way that showed that
scotland -      ashes or scraps. When we reached Scotland Yard she was handed over at
sea -      seaman, it could only be a seaman who had been with him on the Sea
rode -      The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast,
emsworth -      son--Emsworth, the Crimean V. C.--and he had the fighting blood in
barney -      been watching you and Barney Stockdale--"
old -      myself back once more in the old rooms in Baker Street.
stock -      "Very possibly, Watson. Sir Robert is a man of an honourable stock.
well -      who will leave no survivor from a captured ship. Well, every moment
well -      "Oh, you think so, do you? Well, all I can say is that if there's any
america -      "Did you ever meet any one who knew her in America?"
point -      "'I quite follow you,' said I. 'The only point which I could not
flint -      flint instruments. Behind his central table was a large cupboard of
quick -      man, with a quick, alert manner and a waxed moustache, had just
more -      hills and green meadows of which seemed the more beautiful when
how -      "Well, that is just how it stands," said Holmes. "And now, sir, since
simpson -      His bridle is missing, so that Simpson must have put this on. Then,
stone -      see, the damned fool won't arrest us if he can get the stone. Well,
idle -      she is sealed to some Gentile. This must be the gossip of idle
moor -      Stamford's for the Ordnance map of this portion of the moor, and my
lyons -      Mrs. Laura Lyons was in her office, and Sherlock Holmes opened his
lodge -      pulled up their sleeves and showed their own lodge marks.
eagle -      identified at once by the manager of the Eagle Commercial as
mason -      "Have you seen all you want of the study?" asked White Mason as we
hope -      the street, and I will rejoin you in ten minutes. I hope that I have
well -      well to allow the people in your neighbourhood to imagine that the
more -      would have no more to say to me. And yet she loved me--that is the
reach -      was sitting up late I was able to reach Baskerville Hall within an
wall -      down the side of the wall. Then with a light spring he came on to the
pocket -      in the pocket of one's dressing-gown.'
hound -      exhibition of passion the maddened hound, which ramped and raged in
coombe -      Coombe Tracey."
way -      way out of your difficulties. I will take the black clay with me,
friendly -      "But you were on a friendly footing?"
point -      upon this point, and conspire to murder the husband. He happens to be
city -      ever to trace him among the teeming millions of this great city.
stream -      "Generally about this colour. The stream brings down the clay."
cunningham -      have got to his revolver. When Cunningham saw that the case against
hope -      "I anticipated it. I came in the hope of preventing it."
home -      two revellers upon their way home. The party crossed the road, and,
how -      that person, and how was such an impression of horror conveyed? Mrs.
damery -      Colonel Damery threw up his kid-gloved hands with a laugh. "There is
london -      hot to hold him. He retired, came to London, and again acquired an
sound -      He opened the door and we stepped into the hall. The droning sound
shipping -      Shipping Office. I would not lose that stick for the world."
pocket -      "Nothing. Stangerson had Drebber's purse in his pocket, but it seems
old -      was sufficiently familiar with the irregularity of his old friend's
high -      high a degree, and which it is the object of these papers to
true -      an instant it was obvious that we had at last come upon the true
way -      in every way to increase the animal's fury, which was already beyond
well -      he staggered in his walk, and was evidently pretty well on. There was
simpson -      "And nothing to connect this man Simpson with the interests of the
wish -      surely arrest his attention and renew his interest. I wish that he
escott -      Escott by name. I have walked out with her each evening, and I have
lead -      would lead to the publication of some hideous scandal. They were
crow -      to the Crow Hill, a huge business which was in strong hands which had
send -      "Exactly. It came by post. 'I send you my temptation. I will follow
high -      "Your servant, Miss Morstan," he kept repeating, in a thin, high
wish -      matter. I have the honour to wish you a very good-morning." He bowed,
court -      saw the baronet paying court to the lady, even though it was part of
wilson -      "'I wish to the Lord, Mr. Wilson, that I was a red-headed man.'
rugby -      scholar and athlete; plays in the Rugby team and the cricket team for
point -      "Now you see the point about the handwriting. Suppose that some one
lawn -      bones. It walked slowly across the lawn and vanished into the shadow
douglas -      unusual mark--a branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's
oxshott -      Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge, was found dead on Oxshott Common, his body
water -      thick oily scum oozed out from below the stone and stained the water
borough -      "John Clayton, 3 Turpey Street, the Borough. My cab is out of
law -      respect and even the fear of those who met him. For the law, too, and
valley -      lodges in the valley, and others across the mountains on each side,
trevor -      Mr. Trevor Bennett, is professional assistant to the great scientist,
gloucester -      the outside of Gloucester Road Station. The area door of Oberstein's
how -      I should have known better how to answer him. As it was I told him
lodge -      affect the interests of the lodge. I put the case before you as it
way -      confession. Some of us found our way to the gallows and some to
well -      "Well, and what happened when Mr. Windibank, your stepfather,
street -      corridor and down the steep steps which led to Charles Street. The
brunton -      for many a long year. Brunton had not been at work here. I tapped
more -      he was out of sight. Who he was or what he wanted is more than I can
london -      of London, and a photograph. Here it is."
way -      "Because you have gone out of your way to annoy me. Because you have
how -      "How did the body lie?"
success -      but without much success. At two in the morning the rounds passed,
began -      began to ascend the stairs. The footfall was an uncertain and
park -      "Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so old
stapleton -      "It was my game to watch Stapleton. It was evident, however, that I
bridge -      to the station. The bridge, no doubt, was too crowded, even on such a
coldstream -      "Oh, I have heard--Coldstream Guards."
more -      "Anything more, Watson?"
close -      floor. A chair had been placed close to the central window, with its
yonder -      yonder? We are very rich in orchids on the moor, though, of course,
true -      even if Holmes's explanation were incorrect the true theory must be
lodge -      found myself back once more at Pondicherry Lodge. The
stock -      over the stock and his eye gleam as it peered along the sights. I
well -      "Well, Watson, it is on the face of it a not impossible supposition.
moor -      of the moor, and soon our perseverance was gloriously rewarded. Right
bank -      of the swimmer who leaves the bank, she hurried across the road, and
moor -         Death on the Moor
way -      "Well, that is part of the risk. There is no other possible way of
woodley -      Carruthers found themselves carrying the wounded Woodley into the
piece -      pale and worn. He walked up to the sideboard, and tearing a piece
london -      could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A
sound -      cigar. I heard the creak of a door and the crisp sound of boots upon
well -      Williamson. Who's the better for that? Well, well, my dear sir, don't
windle -      "Windle has never refused us when we have had occasion to ask for the
london -      for London about three o'clock taking his key with him. He was at the
hope -      Well, I'm very glad to see that you have got the rascal. I hope,
court -      court and emerge with your year's pension as a solatium for his
pocket -      revolver from the drawer into my pocket, and was covering him through
station -      to hang about the station again next morning."
london -      London--a disease, too, of which I had made such a very special
university -      career. I am a London University man, you know, and I am sure that
trumpet -      seen it in the daytime. Then creeping up to me and making a trumpet
laid -      footsteps. Happily, I have always laid great stress upon it, and much
sea -      half a mile from the house, and still that dense white sea, with the
way -      course I know that very well. You shall have your way, but give me
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, what do you make of these?" he cried. "They told
street -      "He can't lie in the street. May we bring him in, marm?"
hope -      difficulties in the way," said he. "I have every hope, however, that
point -      "I am glad you raised the point. It occurred to me at the time. The
old -      46, Old Jewry,
london -      The London express came roaring into the station, and a small, wiry
more -      And no more words were needed. There was a rush, a clatter upon the
steps -      pattering of many steps in the hall and on the stairs, accompanied by
lawn -      beside the tennis lawn, the black tool-house and the pedestalled
point -      confirmed Stamford's opinion upon that point. Neither did he appear
old -      now, but she is old and foolish, and I could easily get her out of
reading -      in reading when he rose from his chair:
shade -      the corners of his nostrils were tinged with a shade of blue. It was
real -      "We don't seem to have got any real facts yet, Mr. Holmes. You say
way -      friend and I made our way out of the Station and took a cab back to
way -      officers, if you please. These men have forced their way into my
norbury -      and was back in Norbury by one o'clock. It happened that my way took
read -      read of and thought about when I was a little lad at Pershore. It was
laid -      round the circle, and hands were laid upon hidden weapons.
hope -      truth our only hope. But if you would fly with me, Jack, we could
common -      Garcia, of Wisteria Lodge, was found dead on Oxshott Common, his body
wish -      to say, sir, save that I have no wish ever to see you again.'
start -      intersection which should approximate to the truth. We will start
well -      done. Who knows? Well, Watson, I will not offend your intelligence by
coat -      change from his dressing gown to his coat. "While we are on our way,
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, I supped there, as the vicar has said, and my
merton -      Sam Merton's slow intellect had only gradually appreciated the
way -      near to the school. He used the Duchess's name, and in that way got
deal -      was a great deal which was unreasoning and fanatical in the hatred
blackness -      and drooping mid-Victorian whiskers of a glossy blackness which
middle -      the middle of them there was one which retained sufficient roof to
stove -      ferocity. Cormac placed his hands on the stove for an instant--it had
well -      "Well, good-morning, Mr. Gibson. You have a good deal yet to learn."
bridge -      "I went down as I had promised. When I reached the bridge she was
stand -      stand respectively for N, V, and R.
how -      and so at last I slipped out, knowing how difficult it is to awake
street -      I was living in my own rooms in Queen Anne Street at the time, but I
law -      to use my weapons, knowing that the law will support me. Besides,
more -      wisely if without more ado you would kindly tell me plainly what the
middle -      skipper tip up his heels and put him over the rail in the middle
lady -      the help of a policeman and of a medical man, he returned.  The lady,
weeks -      to go to it, I was often weeks on end without putting my foot over
shipping -      forms? Just write a couple of messages for me: 'Sumner, Shipping
old -      are only two days old.  Briefly they are these:
rope -      end of a rope over his shoulders that we were able to haul him out,
way -      every one of his cases has found its way into your collection, and I
more -      itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the
link -      last we get a link, you see."
way -      that his memory is much more reliable than I had thought. By the way,
white -      black-faced policeman who loved to take it out of a white man. That
law -      the law does not find some other victim you are safe from me. Come
lover -      the best your poor lover can find. He'll do better for you some of
old -      visit from the old man, and he was tickled to death to meet another
how -      "Bartholomew is a clever fellow," said he. "How do you think he found
street -      Five minutes later we were in the street, walking towards Regent's
reach -      a pipe-rack within his reach upon the right, and a pile of crumpled
row -      four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to start for Forest Row in a
old -      pallor. The old man, still clad in his surplice, burst into such a
more -      "Well, I think we must wait for a little more material. After all,
reading -      sofa, reading and re-reading a letter which he had received by the
loose -      "If the bather should see a loose roundish mass of tawny membranes
river -      down the river; and if I should see anything of the Aurora I shall
well -      "Well, well, it is of little consequence now. The case is closed."
haven -      my favour. I haven't had such a day since I had Sir John Morland for
old -      "The old butler rubbed his skinny hands.
newcastle -      Baskerville. One was Theophilus Johnson and family, of Newcastle; the
mason -      "I've had a good look, Mr. Holmes," said White Mason. "There is
turn -      now that my friend has time to turn his energies to the matter. There
mortimer -      The other day--Thursday, to be more exact--Dr. Mortimer lunched with
cliff -      was some indication of a ledge. The cliff is so high that to climb it
old -      days before, that they had claimed an imbecile old woman as a former
university -      the university and were echoed in the learned societies of London.
rattle -      down with a hoarse rattle which woke the echoes in the silent gorges,
mere -      line of thought. It is, I admit, mere imagination; but how often is
den -      knew my secret. He was the keeper of a low den in which I used to
hill -      "I was on that hill."
mere -      "The man's death is a mere incident--a trivial episode--in comparison
street -      126b Corporation Street, where the temporary offices of the company
how -      remember. You can imagine, Dr. Watson, how pleased I was at such an
station -      Station, where a very helpful official walked with me along the track
more -      prime, which was the more unfortunate as a very attractive governess
lady -      Holmes and I at his heels. As we approached, the lady staggered
well -      fact that the case hangs upon the missing dumb-bell? Well, well, you
well -      you can enjoy it in peace, well and good! If you find you cannot,
more -      "I must really ask you to be a little more quiet!" said Holmes
town -      Dr. Roylott has gone to town, and it is unlikely that he will be back
glass -      glass of sherry pointed to one of the most expensive hotels. There
true -      opposed to that true cold reason which I place above all things. I
home -      agent. They could not agree as to price. He started home again, but
charles -      of that Rodger Baskerville, the younger brother of Sir Charles, who
sheet -      Holmes moved the lamp, and we both bent over the sheet of paper,
how -      "How many letters did your Grace write that day?"
yonder -      it. It's the big white one over yonder. There's twenty-six of them,
milverton -      Charles Augustus Milverton was a man of fifty, with a large,
california -      a changed name to California, and it was there that the light went
old -      "A complex mind," said Holmes. "All great criminals have that. My old
eagle -      Nelson's large timber-yard, just past the White Eagle tavern. Here
winchester -      It was not a long journey from Winchester to Thor Place, but it was
settle -      "Call for me here at noon to-morrow, and we'll go together and settle
friendly -      together as friendly as possible--arm-in-arm, in all probability.
quarter -      representations have arrived from the very highest quarter. The whole
letters -      was printed across it in large letters, and, underneath, "Boats to
old -      "Dear old chap," said he, patting the flaxen head with a very tender
steps -      "At least," said I as we heard her quick, firm steps descending the
wooden -      his wooden leg cocked over his sound one. As I exhibited the empty
sound -      the levers which controlled it, I knew at once by the whishing sound
knock -      "Very sorry to knock you up, Watson," said he, "but it's the common
lodge -      "As between two brothers of the lodge I should say that she was,"
middle -      "Exactly so. But I am now sleeping in the middle one."
more -      of the house. I have seldom seen a more remarkable-looking person. It
well -      "Well, then, to the West, or to England, or to Germany, where father
stockdale -      "Suppose I tell you that it was Barney Stockdale to whom you spoke?"
bank -      the bulky Jones from the thin, sighing note of the bank director.
bridge -      Norwood and London Bridge."
way -      the threshold. Holmes darted forward and barred their way.
way -      his way towards Charlington Hall, which, as I understand, is situated
street -      It was ten o'clock before we reached Baker Street again. A brougham
turn -      means could he adopt than to turn cabdriver. All these considerations
laid -      writing--here they are--and he laid them on my table.
eccles -      Mr. Scott Eccles, and let us have your statement in writing."
began -      "Nothing, until my uncle here began to speak loudly. I heard that,
how -      it against the light. "It's a bonny thing," said he. "Just see how it
read -      Dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes [I read]:
lane -      at exactly 4.35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the
farnham -      to you near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey?"
high -      dress, with a high diamond tiara upon her noble head. I looked at
wheel -      fifteen per cent commission. The old wheel turns, and the same spoke
hope -      For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains, leading
white -      in her white, set face and her blazing eyes such as woman seldom and
old -      topmost branches of the old oak. One condition mentioned in the
london -      First of all about the test telegram, which you sent from London in
send -      Mrs. Hudson that I should be glad if she would send up dinner for two
high -      were high, and yet my impression was that the condition was rather
bridge -      whole way. We rattled across Waterloo Bridge and through miles of
station -      office or at my home. A man followed me from London Bridge Station,
white -      white man's name is on the chart. The others are Hindoos or
oakshott -      "Mrs. Oakshott, 117, Brixton Road--249," read Holmes.
steps -      someone. Then at last there were steps in the road, a second figure
wish -      "One more direction! I wish you to drive to Merripit House. Send back
lock -      must not be released. But they cannot keep her under lock and key
more -      He was more attentive when Susan, who waited upon us at lunch,
guide -      "Then I'll make you my 'Handy Guide to the Turf.' What about Sir
began -      began to lecture with the air of a professor addressing his
more -      likely lad, and he's a Christian, which is more than these folk here,
gravel -      "He had left his own marks all over that small patch of gravel. I
read -      sat down to my breakfast. "I see that you have read it since you have
deal -      rambling old place, and takes a good deal of looking after. I
market -      "'Have you kept in touch with the market while you have been out of
sound -      sound of a bolt being pushed back and the creaking of a key. A moment
how -      to imagine, then, how an outsider could have made so terrible an
grosvenor -      "This is Grosvenor mixture at eightpence an ounce," Holmes answered,
stone -      that is not what I am out for. It's the stone I want."
how -      "It's quite too funny. I am sure you could never guess how I employed
well -      it over--well, I'll compound a felony. We don't want you or Sam. We
staunton -      unless you can help me to find Godfrey Staunton."
read -      "'Garrideb, N.,' " he read, "'136 Little Ryder Street, W.' Sorry to
catch -      catch it."
more -      of Caulfield Gardens open on the line but the even more essential
lake -      the Hall lake."
tilts -      canvas-covered tilts of waggons and the figures of armed horsemen
lead -      half-rural villa-lined roads which lead to the metropolis. Now,
more -      Henry to go away. But I have done my duty now and I will say no more.
wall -      cupboard in a dark corner which stood out a little from the wall. It
northumberland -      are the only children of an iron-master somewhere up Northumberland
raw -      I was still rather raw over the deception which had been practised
staunton -      "This gentleman, Mr. Staunton's friend, was referred to me by
how -      likely to get a confession out of him alone. Ask him how he dared to
more -      Charlington Hall upon the other. You could not find a more lonely
deal -      with surprise and a good deal of disappointment written upon their
scotland -      "I've been down to Scotland Yard, Mr. Holmes. I saw Inspector Stanley
grey -      find some possible explanation. And then the incident of the grey
quarter -      at that time nearly hull down on our starboard quarter. Suddenly as
street -         The Baker Street Irregulars
victory -      our Marengo, for it begins in defeat and ends in victory. I should
hound -      old uncle with his bogie hound."
hampshire -      blackmail, had also been mentioned as living in Hampshire. The
rooms -      with him, either here in my rooms or elsewhere, as long as he is
london -      met Mr. Douglas in London, he being at that time a widower. She was a
douglas -      himself, with his eye on the house, waiting for Mr. Douglas to come
stone -      "The actual possession of the stone."
scotland -      "Gregson is the smartest of the Scotland Yarders," my friend
charles -      "You have confessed that you asked Sir Charles to be at the gate at
well -      "Well, I can't possibly leave you."
wombwell -      of Wombwell, and of Sanger, one of the greatest showmen of his day.
well -      "Dearest do not be frightened. All will come well. There is a huge
more -      thoughts had gone back once more to the great dining-room of the
town -      wait until I got back to town before telling my story to the police.
sound -      of the great church clock seemed to sound the dirge of our hopes.
turn -      good turn,--but it is because I believe the best defence I can make
white -      smart man. No local job has ever been too much for White Mason. It
hound -      hound beside him as he lay. It all fits together. I don't think that
eye -      attempt to search for it. Besides, I can read in a man's eye when it
worth -      your thought it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the
well -      "Well, but China?"
true -      "Well, I have read something, it is true; but I had thought it was a
stand -      they stand.
rode -      rode off upon a bicycle in the dead of the night bearing the boy in
quick -      Dr. Armstrong took a quick step forward and wrung Holmes by the hand.
way -      "'Your best way is to make a clean breast of the facts,' I answered.
how -      "We have not heard your story, and we cannot tell how far justice may
point -      something or somebody, but when I questioned him upon the point he
gang -      gang who infested the place were known to one another. His dashing
lead -      "That is one of the clues of which I spoke. It may lead us to
trevor -      "You never heard me talk of Victor Trevor?" he asked. "He was the
street -      duty passed out into the street, proceeding in twos and threes along
turn -      hot-blooded and reckless, ready to turn my hand at anything; I got
well -      well, Mr. Holmes, not to forget it, for I have no desire to do you an
moor -      hound, and so on. It is said to be heard at night upon the moor. I
read -      which Holmes had brought with him. Among these he rummaged and read,
spring -      It was in the spring of the year 1894 that all London was interested,
court -      down and bring us to court."
bank -      New Forest or the shingle of Southsea. A depleted bank account had
city -      I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on
white -      He was so white with passionate earnestness that she could not but
street -      "Not at all. They know all they see at Godolphin Street. They
dartmoor -      therefore there was no chance for him there. He returned to Dartmoor
prospect -      help me. There is no prospect of danger, or I should not dream of
mere -      could not fail to be impressed by a mere glance at the man, the
pocket -      Staunton had crammed the note into his pocket. Staunton had not
bay -      cottage near Poldhu Bay, at the further extremity of the Cornish
well -      "Well, you realize your position, you and your accomplice here. If I
way -      in his easy, genial way. "That tries a man's nerves more than work,
street -      in--couldn't keep her in the street. She told him how she had traced
rattle -      of the great city. The beating of drums, the rattle of tomtoms, and
eye -      that he cocked his eye at me to see if I had followed his reasoning.
amberley -      "I mean the wire which you sent to Mr. Josiah Amberley about his wife
close -      to come to close grips with my man. I like to meet him eye to eye and
well -      "Well, taken with the disappearance of the man's companions, I should
clouds -      there through the rifts of the clouds. Holmes drove in silence, with
read -      should not enter it? The facts, as I read them, are something like
langham -      "The Langham Hotel will find me."
point -      the creature bounded out upon them. There was no other point of
street -      observation shows me that you have been to the Wigmore Street
well -      park. It's as well, or he'd have had the drop on me with that
reach -      curative powers of the man whose own case is beyond the reach of his
how -      want to know, in the first place, Mr. Holmes, is, how in the world
waterloo -      Waterloo Station as hard as I could go. I whipped up the mare and we
keeping -      divided us by about half. Then, still keeping a hundred yards behind,
how -      the name of the sixth if I don't get a move on. How do you explain
home -      "Take this hansom, drive home, have some breakfast, and get an hour's
point -      but at that point there is certainly a chance of some record being
how -      "And how about father?" she asked.
church -      prompt and energetic measures on my part. At the church door,
home -      already have been exposed and dragged from my home, or as is more
read -      read the terms of the will; but he explained that he was a bachelor
turn -      don't you think he would turn to the police for protection?"
selden -      him? What did Selden say? Did he find out where he hid, or what he
old -      and Van Shorst, and the Nicholson family, and old Mr. Hyam, and
acton -      which has sucked the blood out of both of them, I fancy. Old Acton
douglas -      possible. Therefore I had to determine where Mr. John Douglas himself
stand -      "'But why did you stand all this,' I asked. 'I suppose that you can
lady -      It was the young lady's turn to look surprised. "This is the second
deal -      "It is simpler to deal direct," said Holmes.
row -      "'Precisely what I don't want you to do. I had a row over you with
stile -      "I thought it as well," said Holmes as we climbed the stile, "that
rooms -      under the slates, were a couple of empty, dusty little rooms,
court -      will soon have to answer for your deed at a higher court than the
rose -      I rose somewhat earlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes
loose -      a loose white necktie--the whole effect being that of a very rustic
edge -      of a lantern. Over the edge there peeped a clean-cut, boyish face,
water -      Just open that window, and hand me the water carafe." I undid his
south -      Australia, somewhere to the south of the Suez Canal. Her officers
clink -      followed shortly by the rattle of wheels and the clink of horses'
more -      The other day--Thursday, to be more exact--Dr. Mortimer lunched with
walls -      a great empty hall, the brick walls of which were all crumbling to
well -      came from is also the source of Nos. 1 and 2. Eh, Watson? Well, come
more -      unnatural grin, which in that still and moonlit room was more jarring
twenty -      John Douglas. I wish you to journey back some twenty years in time,
water -      house is surrounded with water. What weapon would he choose? You
milverton -      very gently closed the door. We were in Milverton's study, and a
sound -      with their pistols cocked in their hands. But there was no sound save
old -      "Shall I send you home in my trap?" asked old Cunningham.
white -      white waistcoat, with his watch-chain gleaming through its fringe.
way -      round them and recover our way the Aurora had gained a good two
reach -      "'In order to reach the billiard-room I had to descend a flight of
point -      "Yes; there is a point which I wish to ascertain. It is merely a
more -      I had more than once observed to be a strong factor in my friend's
prospect -      prospect that Birlstone may soon grow from an ancient village into a
charles -      of Sir Charles Baskerville."
more -      that among all our cases I have known one where the motives are more
mark -      strong upon his borders. By doing this, mark you, Sahib, his property
box -      that the creature which he carried in his box got loose.  That is all
north -      traversed the country to the north of the house or to the south of
forest -      four-wheeler, Hopkins, we shall be ready to start for Forest Row in a
old -      charitable, good old governor--how could he have fallen into the
trinity -      "'Ask for Pompey from Jeremy Dixon, Trinity College.'
moor -      blackness of the moor. For some minutes he stood watching intently.
london -      belongings. He had registered his name as coming from London, but had
glass -      and deliberately knocked the whole thing over. The glass smashed into
how -      "The old sweet song," said Holmes. "How often have I heard it in days
mere -      to me a mere unit,--a factor in a problem. The emotional qualities
home -      before we reached home I was practically a raving maniac.
rock -      "Ten years with Sir Charles Chandos--as solid as a rock. He has been
wooden -      word to me. I could hear the wooden leg clackin' on the stones."
more -      utterly unable to avert it. Can a human being be placed in a more
more -      of being modified, was increased and rendered infinitely more
main -      the case to the next Assizes. Those are the main facts of the case as
loan -      some other private transaction--a loan, perhaps, or share
reedy -      reedy pool, constricted in the centre where the main carriage drive
harley -      Holmes raised his eyebrows. "This is Baker Street, not Harley
more -      him upon the stair, so we shall have something more interesting than
lead -      which was to lead to so long and dark a train of events, ending in a
camberwell -      Camberwell. It is this Miss Dobney who has consulted me. Nearly five
histon -      news agencies. I have covered some ground: Chesterton, Histon,
reach -      to reach her own home.
stoke -      "I knew that we should find a ventilator before ever we came to Stoke
hound -      knew that the hound was being kept in the out-house on the evening
pocket -      Dr. Mortimer refolded his paper and replaced it in his pocket.
shawl -      elderly, with a Paisley shawl.'
old -      country lane I met Theresa Wright, her old maid. She told me about
true -      of what they stole. I knew that he would be true to me, for I knew
heads -      in spite of their exertions. It's heads I win and tails you lose.
how -      how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought
rose -      When the detective departed my friend rose and made his preparations
box -      window-sill a small chip ointment box containing a couple of pills."
douglas -      way into the house, waits for Mr. Douglas, blows his head nearly off
reading -      three-quarters towards the window and downward, as though reading an
abbey -                The Adventure of the Abbey Grange
old -      never forgot my old employer because he was down in the world. I
touch -      in touch with you, Watson, for it is more than likely that you will
send -      "Now sign that, and send it by hand about four o'clock. At that hour
how -      to show how much an observant man might learn by an accurate and
town -      morning he spent in town, and I learned from a casual reference that
well -      well, my life has been a busy one. But I understand, Holmes, that you
paris -      "'You will eventually manage the great depot in Paris, which will
more -      more than I could suffer. I struck him down with no more compunction
brooks -      "Suppose that I were Brooks or Woodhouse, or any of the fifty men who
farmers -         Binders, reapers, steam and hand plows, drills, harrows, farmers'
mere -      something more than mere theory and preaching now, though. It is a
well -      "Well, perhaps it might. I followed him to old Straubenzee's workshop
wood -      "Mr. Henry Wood, late of India, I believe," said Holmes, affably.
real -      real bitter Irish-American."
well -      "Yes, I thought it as well to take them."
common -      "The Coroner: I understand that the cry of 'Cooee' was a common
heather -      the heather and the ferns until he found a considerable stone. This
point -      carriage? That is also possible. But the point is of curious
well -      the one and only time I caught a glimpse of a great heart as well as
london -      his London correspondent to-day. There was a letter and there was a
close -      It was quite evident that The Three Gables was under very close
more -      "Burglary! This is more interesting. Let me hear the details."
quick -      Peruvian lady upstairs. Holmes rose, with that quick curiosity which
well -      "You sum up the difficulties of the situation succinctly and well,"
common -      in double columns and in common use."
town -      limited education and unacquainted with the town of Croydon. So far,
sound -      "And then suddenly in the silence I heard a sound which sent my heart
stream -      west. The roadway was blocked with the immense stream of commerce
sudden -      think of it, and feeling once more that sudden flood of joy,
piece -      It was a fine, thick piece of wood, bulbous-headed, of the sort which
eye -      I tossed the paper down upon the table, but at that moment my eye
old -      "Too bad, Lord Cantlemere, too bad!" cried Holmes. "My old friend
central -      on the central table. I am six feet high, and I could do it with an
bow -      The Adventures, The Memoirs, The Return, and His Last Bow. And there
brixton -      in an empty house in the Brixton Road, many miles from Euston. How he
read -      he looked at me. I read suspicion there and annoyance, but no jest.
more -      more devoted lover. The lady, Alice Morphy, was a very perfect girl
water -      eat and water to drink, when that gorgeous fortune was ready for him
more -      deal more about Cheeseman's, Lamberley, before we are through. The
read -      formidable--so I read Dr. Leslie Armstrong. He held my friend's card
hope -      elevation, in the vain hope of seeing some signs of water. Now the
lady -      "Exactly--one of the richest men in Kent. Lady Brackenstall is in the
lady -      "But these glasses do puzzle me, I confess. Lady Brackenstall
street -      cab as we drove back to Baker Street, and I knew from his drawn brows
way -      ordinary emotions. But he was always kind to the boy in his own way."
point -      finer point. You have been in this house a year."
white -      ghastly white face and fierce, wild eyes, the spruce young hunter of
point -      "The Coroner: That is for the court to decide. I need not point out
green -      Something brown was rolling and tossing among the green sedges. Then
rose -      "He rose also and looked at me in silence, shaking his head sadly.
street -      As we walked rapidly down Howe Street I glanced back at the building
well -      McPherson my one desire was to help her to happiness. I was well
heath -      money-lender, on Newmarket Heath. He nearly killed the man."
hole -      the hole and was hauling after him a companion, lithe and small like
cairns -      "Patrick Cairns."
weeks -      Hill. Two weeks ago I was passing this place when I chanced to look
more -      word for it that he is innocent. Let the matter drop and say no more.
hound -      black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever
baldwin -      "Is she?" cried Baldwin.
sound -      and the sound of the locking of the hall door some time before told
how -      cleared the matter up. I wish I knew how you reach your results."
court -      laughed out of court if we came with such a story and such evidence."
street -      Baker Street for dinner."
bank -      Woolwich branch of the Capital and Counties Bank. Through this his
hound -      "A greater mystery to me is why this hound, presuming that all our
shoscombe -      Shoscombe stud and training quarters are to be found there."
how -      lips. Now that they are gone I can tell you how I love you. That is
rooms -      rooms."
river -      whistle to my lips to call a couple of river police, who were round
street -      doorway of a house some distance up the street. I tried to draw my
start -      start in one of a dozen streets in the Cavendish Square quarter, all
stapleton -      neighbour, Miss Stapleton. And yet the course of true love does not
triangle -      flesh of the forearm was a circle with a triangle within it, deep and
station -      station from which he came? It is possible. Or did he drop it in the
gang -      gang, it will be within the memory of the public how completely the
london -      fog, and West started at once to London to head him off from his own
wish -      not wish to be pestered by the police. They could not hope to sell
letters -      draw the blind. Now you will have the kindness to place some letters
flash -      flash, I remembered the thing for which I had so eagerly and vainly
deal -      deal of energy. We hired a hansom, and in half an hour we were at the
glass -      large room furnished as a museum. He led the way to a glass case in a
hill -      as one who dreads pursuit. Then he vanished over the hill.
letters -      "And has had no letters or callers?"
hereford -      time to take a train to Hereford and see him to-night?"
turn -      "Yes, a provisional one. But I shall be surprised if it does not turn
city -      business at Coburg Square, near the City. It's not a very large
northumberland -      Northumberland Hotel.
more -      There is little more to tell. Scanlan had been given a sealed note to
oxford -      hundred yards ahead of us in the direction of Oxford Street.
more -      debts, if we do nothing more.
well -      "Well, it's very handsome of you, I am sure. And your friend, Dr.
valley -      them. Nor was the fear entirely an illusion, for the barren valley
commercial -      Have visited the Commercial Road and seen Dorak. Suave person,
spring -      "He opened the door as he spoke, and I had hardly time to spring out
sudden -      seated in my private room at the hotel. His explanation of his sudden
edge -      to the very edge of this, and there stood whining, looking out on the
city -      long series of bridges which span the Thames. As we passed the City
loose -      loose--no, it can't be loose--but if it isn't loose, where can it be?
more -      "There is only one point on which I should like a little more
well -      wonder of it!--loved me well enough to remain single all her sainted
real -      "'Now that shows real application!' he cried. 'That is the way to
lawn -      the iron shutters of the window. It was only when we were on the lawn
point -      "There is a further point, however, which is subtler and of greater
gang -      at first glance this is just a little curious, is it not? A gang of
way -      that perilous way before us. From amid a tuft of cotton grass which
street -      "I then lounged down the street and found, as I expected, that there
street -      Gross & Hankey's in Regent Street, and then to the Church of St.
eye -      eye; and your secret, whether you be alive or dead, shall be safe
how -      what has happened, when it happened, how it happened, and, finally,
reach -      reach."
green -      there stood a tall green safe, the firelight flashing back from the
well -      "Well, I thought it was possible. When they came out through the
well -      "Well, take my advice. Examine him carefully. Don't do it before us.
scotland -      open the door and Inspector MacDonald of Scotland Yard was ushered
more -      no chances of missing his man. The sawed gun was not more than two
valley -      was lifted forever from the valley.
read -      but I never thought I would be the subject of them. Where do you read
gravesend -      Gravesend or in the Downs, where no doubt they had already arranged
rose -      rose some miles to our left, or to a low, grey village which lay in
how -      open. Last night I made a last attempt. What I did and how I
twenty -      the fire. "You see, Mr. Holmes," said he, "my wife was twenty before
friendly -      from a friendly native in the yard of our own inn. It was he who told
hope -      me to refuse you anything, considering the glory of hope that you
lady -      The lady sprang from her chair.
old -      read them to you, as I read them in the old study that night to him.
turn -      matter dropped. I turn to you, Mr. Holmes, as absolutely my last
read -      "ARAT," I read.
cross -      cross my mind that harm might come of his soft, tricky ways. And then
way -      could place in the way--had all been overcome with Anglo-Saxon
lead -      intuition down there, but they lead the world for thoroughness and
more -      more, and to think over my plan of campaign.
lodge -      There was high revel in the lodge room at the Union House that night,
more -      Hudson became more and more intrusive, until at last, on making some
mortimer -      Mrs. Lyons upon the evening before, for Dr. Mortimer remained with
law -      about the fate of this man. My only desire is to help the law in
street -      the other side of the street.  Good-bye, Wood.  I want to learn if
home -      intended to travel home with him that night, and that therefore it
stand -      Inspector: I'm ready to stand pat upon the truth.
way -      the way to Kilburn. I told my pal what I had done, for he was a man
hill -      "We have an inspector who makes a specialty of Saffron Hill and the
wood -      "Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. John's Wood."
well -      "Well, I couldn't be sure of that, but I dare say my fare knew all
milverton -      Milverton had glided as quick as a rat to the side of the room, and
law -      illustrious, even the rigid British law becomes human and elastic. My
how -      interruption. How to get Drebber to that house was the difficult
read -      "You may think that I read the papers with some attention during my
more -      "I should say that it was much more likely that it was the son of one
town -      The country had been a place of terror; but the town was in its way
how -      "But how did you get to work again?"
street -      Street a-talkin'. Presently--maybe about two or a little after--I
north -      Surely it is here to the north that our quest must lie."
dull -      him but I. His form had filled out, his wrinkles were gone, the dull
well -      "Well, there are no papers. But I filled him up about constitutions
lock -      lock, and we all very quietly entered the cell. The sleeper half
rooms -      to my rooms in the second year of my married life and told me of the
lady -      we will say. Is the lady jealous by nature?"
settle -      things settle themselves. I have hold of it now."
charles -      if he be still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville's younger
letters -      considering the formidable letters which were received by himself and
wall -      seem to be any very pressing need for repairs at that end wall."
how -      how the wrongs of herself and her brother came to be avenged.
street -      Street, and very happy to see you, I am sure. Maybe you collect
random -      the idea that they are the mere random sketches of children.
more -      are the more obvious."
more -      "Nay, madam, there again you ask me more than I can possibly answer."
raise -      is confined to that. When you raise your cry of fire, it will be
more -      "Well, sir, I thought no more of the matter, and never would have
prendergast -      and one of biscuits, and a compass. Prendergast threw us over a
breach -      punishment for any breach of it is instant and inevitable death?"
street -      the evening of May 23d. Apply 221b, Baker Street."
pocket -      it to his secret pocket, but not before it had been observed by a
oath -      "I'll tell you, acushla," said he. "I'm under oath not to show it,
main -      park which is studded with magnificent trees. There was a main
lodge -      more for Briony Lodge.
old -      "I know that country, Holmes. It is full of old houses which are
point -      since I have often had occasion to point out to him how superficial
south -      "A South American household. My instinct felt the presence of those
quarter -      morning an attempt was made,' and so on. It was at a quarter to
more -      more time for observation. I have found it wise to impress clients
westminster -      It was a little past seven before we reached the Westminster wharf,
ratcliff -      Agent, Ratcliff Highway. Send three men on, to arrive ten to-morrow
borne -      last week to the list of the prizes which have been borne away by
stream -      side-entrances. In front a continuous stream of hansoms and
harker -      Horace Harker. Don't you think so?"
old -      old police. No experts need apply."
sound -      having established ourselves upon this sound basis, it is our duty to
scotland -      At his heels came our old friend Lestrade, of Scotland Yard--thin and
pit -      Come on! We'll see it through if all the fiends of the pit were loose
wall -      stain of blood upon the whitewashed wall. As he held the match nearer
rose -      can reach it." He rose, and laid a written paper upon a side-table.
box -      cells, and his box as well, for we thought there might be something
town -      "My friend and I return to town by the night-express," said Holmes.
wooden -      wooden bureau. Halloa! what is that scratch upon the face of it? Just
wall -      of the curiosities upon the wall. When our host returned it was clear
more -      ever listened to a more mysterious and inexplicable chain of events
more -      "That was the burden of his song for an hour or more. He had, it
reading -      Sandeford, of Lower Grove Road, Reading. No, I have never seen this
well -      emotions--"well, you are on the wrong track, that's all."
main -      "The English law is in the main a just law. You will get no worse
turn -      that I dare not turn him down, but that I should have another for my
station -      jeered as he was pushed into the police station. After a short,
lady -      medical certificate and official sanction. Had the lady been
well -      "'Well, it is of no great consequence, at any rate.' She smiled back
sudden -      Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months
how -      "I will do my best. How many constables have you?"
lawn -      of lawn with an old sundial in the middle, the whole effect so
moor -      "Have you been on the moor already?"
close -      find a small brougham waiting close to the curb, driven by a fellow
lodge -      lodge gate yonder, but I thought nothing of it at the time. It was
harley -      as we swung through the doctors' quarter, Wimpole Street, Harley
well -      "Well, bar the expression, that might almost be a description of
touch -      touch that box. You can just see if you look at it sideways where the
coat -      Here is a man with an English coat frayed at the elbow and trousers
coventry -      address of Sergeant Coventry, of the local police, who had first
way -      daybreak he was always well on his way. On the sixth day, he reached
portsmouth -      landed a month later on Portsmouth jetty, with my health
street -      Fenchurch Street."
how -      "How could I help suspecting him, when I actually saw him with the
well -      "All is well that ends well," said Holmes. "But I certainly did not
horner -      loose. He had remained with Horner some little time, but had finally
true -      "'The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without
howe -      of that interrupted message. At the doorway of the Howe Street flats
settle -      "I have had one or two little scores of my own to settle with Mr.
home -      had got home all safe, and after that we met him--that is to say, Mr.
london -      Yesterday Sir Robert had gone to London, so Stephens and I went down
brunton -      "Well, at least I knew that if Brunton could do it, I could also.
well -      heavily, but was incapable of saying anything. The passage, as well
scotland -      difficulty in recognising Lestrade, of Scotland Yard. With him we
douglas -      "Nothing there that could not have been arranged. Mr. Douglas was an
woodley -      angel, is to be tied to Roaring Jack Woodley for life?"
farmers -      watering-places not very far away. And the farmers take in lodgers."
how -      how could I have mistook you? If instead o' standin' there so quiet
quarter -      proposes to call at about quarter past six to-morrow evening, if Dr.
read -      "I know nothing myself save what I have read or heard. I have no
high -      a high building. The words "Vermissa Herald" were printed in gold
street -      and to wait you at the corner of the street."
well -      evening papers had an announcement which I was bound, sick or well,
well -      "Well, it begins to define itself. I have been to the house-agent's.
eye -      the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way
how -      in the paroxysm of his agony. His drawn and distorted face told how
cunningham -      "I hope that you are satisfied now?" said Mr. Cunningham, tartly.
old -      and beside it, seated at a table, was a dear old ruddy-faced woman in
knock -      our knock, and nothing more substantial than a torrent of bad
white -      was a great crimson spill upon the square white facing of the
eye -      to come to close grips with my man. I like to meet him eye to eye and
way -      "By the way," I asked suddenly, stopping and turning upon Stamford,
well -      "Well, if dollars make no difference to you, think of the reputation.
way -      I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in
weeks -      sensation grew less keen as the weeks passed and nothing happened to
london -      the facts. I will take an unpleasant remembrance back to London with
way -      "Well, well, we can't expect to have it all our own way, Watson," he
victoria -      insoluble, and that you may expect to find us at Victoria at two
london -      could roam London on such a day as the tiger does the jungle, unseen
true -      smile. "You can file it in our archives, Watson. Some day the true
london -      unexplained. What became of the hound when its master was in London?"
well -      I remembered the case well, for it was one in which Holmes had taken
sound -      and I am sure that it is sound. What your motives are or what exact
temple -      Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple. See the advantages of a
lake -      public promenade by the lake. He was a fierce and terrible man. She
hatherley -      fifty yards across, is situated at the boundary between the Hatherley
more -      "Come again next night with a more useful tool."
old -      "At the moment, however, we had no thought for the old chest, for our
east -      you that I had a store in the East before I came here. I left good
cunningham -      hand. But if it was not he, it must have been Alec Cunningham
way -      advertisement through a newspaper. There seems no other way, and
old -      alcohol permitted? The gasogene and cigars are in the old place. Let
badger -      sir. Keep clear of the badger; for he bites. Ah, naughty, naughty,
how -      say that I cannot see how all this bears upon my professional
way -      unless some lucky chance comes our way I fear that the Norwood
friendly -      relations between father and son very friendly?"
lee -      John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"
law -      any court of law that the accused was in the house all the time. It
wish -      are young and inexperienced, but if you wish to get on in your new
mint -      Philadelphia mint," said he.
horner -      with the offence, but referred it to the Assizes. Horner, who had
lady -      The young lady blushed and laughed.
street -      street was now proceeding slowly onward again.
lady -      right to nurse this lady than we have. Good morning, Mr. Green; I
turn -      twenty-four hours, and they in turn have given rise to some
pocket -      my pocket, and I filled up the blanks when this American gentleman
well -      "Well, yes, of course the pay is good--too good. That is what makes
paul -      St. Paul's. It was twilight before we reached the Tower.
eye -      Sherlock Holmes' quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his
pinner -      average of seven per cent. She had only been six months at Pinner
way -      accompanied by complete sanity in every other way. A man who had read
rocks -      rocks, in the crevice of which the candle burned, there was thrust
way -      methodical way. Then he took out the key, which was on the inside,
home -      left home and gave no indication where he was going. He was away a
main -      fool of me, and that the main objet must be to get out of the rent.
street -      Godolphin Street, observed that the door of No. 16 was ajar. He
hope -      could not hope to find any other place where it would be as easy to
lady -      entrusted to the young lady's father. The effect, at any rate, was
point -      business and the card point to premeditated murder for some private
lodge -      the lodge a man for whose past he can't answer."
barney -      say that no one, save Barney Stockdale and Susan, his wife, have the
river -      "The river washes along the front of the old fort, and so protects
old -      the bereaved mother. The old lady was too dazed with grief to be of
way -      emanates in some way from Prague is clear enough. He takes it under
reading -      "Would you mind reading it to me aloud?"
glass -      his glass pipette, and finally brought a test-tube containing a
rooms -      night in our rooms at Baker Street, "is one where, as in the
way -      the other way when everything else had failed. Now, Mr. Holmes,
settle -      easily have been erroneous. How could I settle the point forever?
wish -      keenest for such nice work as that, and I did not wish to do it when
surrey -      to you near Farnham, on the borders of Surrey?"
old -      "Farewell, then," said the old man solemnly. "Your own deathbeds,
stand -      notice and leave in a month, as if of my own free will. I could stand
well -      perpetual cigar--all these were as well known in London as in Africa,
how -      The dash was more fear-inspiring than any threat could have been. How
station -      seven miles from Eyford Station.'
rattle -      rattle him. What is your business in my house?"
brixton -      Gardens, off the Brixton Road. Our man on the beat saw a light there
scotland -      or sooner than the carriage.  On reaching Scotland Yard, however, it
rose -      "Mrs. Lyons," said I, as I rose from this long and inconclusive
how -      stranger errand than you and I. How small we feel with our petty
shipping -      Shipping Company. Now, if you are well up in your London, you will
hyde -      "Quite so. And she was afterwards seen walking into Hyde Park in
wooden -      "There was nothing in the office but a couple of wooden chairs and a
close -      seen. I had been lying in an angle of the hedge close by the
ross -      "Colonel Ross did not impress me as a man who would be likely to show
weeks -      "Since nearly ten weeks have elapsed, then, and nothing has been
start -      working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our
point -      satisfied myself upon this point, I walked slowly down the path.
true -      "That is true."
box -      hams with his forehead sunk upon the edge of the box and his two arms
turn -      plight caused me to turn my carriage back, and so to make your
well -      intruder was well acquainted with the ways of the house."
rooms -      the person who went out. Then, again, the man who took the rooms
wooden -      wooden placard slung out through the second window. "Mordecai Smith"
how -      them is influenced by any general hatred of Napoleon. Considering how
more -      more and more suspicious. I would ask you what do you know of the
more -      peculiarities that in his more intense moments he would permit
carey -      with the death of Captain Peter Carey. I assure you that I am
more -      nothing more can be done. Do try to bring him down, and as soon as
more -      you no more."
river -      River in southern China and is remarkable in having every
home -      when she reached home that she had left the two McCarthys quarrelling
guards -      "Oh, I have heard--Coldstream Guards."
turn -      from the Council. Turn which way he would, there appeared to be no
raise -      the villain and raise the alarm. Why did he not do so? Could it have
surrey -      passing over an angle of Surrey, and ending in Kent. See that light
manor -      "We are going to Ridling Thorpe Manor," said he, "but we have heard
stand -      young Godfrey had too much spirit to stand it. No, I wasn't
mason -      who have to control horses or boys. Mr. John Mason had many of both
scotland -      "You are under the charge of Mr. Athelney Jones, of Scotland Yard. He
wood -      think of Harry Wood as having died with a straight back, than see him
more -      miss him more than I can tell. Do you think that I should intrude if
way -      Zeppelin promises us comes true. By the way, who is that?"
how -      the third time. ATTENTA three times! How often will he repeat it? No,
city -      business part of the city, ostensibly as a match-seller but really as
how -      all alighted. I was marvelling in my own mind how I could possibly
reading -      nose and the threatening, deep-lined brow, without reading Nature's
more -      face and of her manner the more I felt that something was being held
street -      Outside, the street was absolutely deserted. Those two men might
mortimer -      Mortimer assure me will be a temporary one. A long journey may enable
town -      As they approached the centre of the town the scene was brightened by
old -      "There are two lines of old yew hedge, twelve feet high and
simpson -      hollow where his light would be invisible. Simpson in his flight had
home -      referred to her again and again on our walk home, and since then
penge -      woman has led a most quiet and respectable life at Penge and here for
college -      a few weeks ago when your college friend addressed me in words which
flash -      desirable. I knew that I had only to flash 'Vieni' and you would
how -      "Then how do you account for that?" cried Hopkins, as he held up the
hound -      turn towards the Stapletons. Thus I had made certain of the hound,
quick -      but I give you my word that this quick succession of strange
harker -      Mr. Horace Harker and the subscribers of the Central Press Syndicate.
barrow -      in the barrow on Long Down. He helps to keep our lives from being
quarter -      A quarter of an hour later the table had been cleared and we were
stair -      the stair.
angle -      positively slovenly as we get round the angle of the jaw, it is
sudden -      saw the sudden flash of a dark lantern inside the room. What he
station -      who arrives at Waterloo Station"--Dr. Mortimer looked at his
well -      "I think we can dispense with Dolores," said Holmes.  "Oh, very well,
brixton -      We had traversed Streatham, Brixton, Camberwell, and now found
more -      mad with the feeling that we were free once more. There were lockers
stock -      Auckland. It is in New Zealand stock, paying 4Â½ per cent. Two
well -      well be a recess behind the books. As you are aware, such devices are
mark -      well-esteemed since those who know him give him this mark of their
turn -      I hailed him with enthusiasm, and he, in his turn, appeared to be
more -      could strike. Then he became a little more reasonable. I told him
angle -      "Exactly. And it looks out on an angle of the courtyard so as to be
london -      of this person, who is a young London solicitor named John Hector
rose -      "One last question, Holmes," I said, as I rose. "Surely there is no
well -      "Well, then, hop."
douglas -      question! Mr. Douglas must have shot himself."
boundary -      On reaching the boundary wall Toby ran along, whining eagerly,
point -      "Quite so. That is the point. Bear that in mind. Now, would you
london -      How could you hear of it in London and get to the spot as soon as I?"
mason -      MacDonald and White Mason stared in amazement at their celebrated
well -      "Old Susan Dobney with the mob cap! I remember her well."
stone -      I stooped under the rude lintel, and there he sat upon a stone
catch -      quite sharp enough to catch a Washoe hunter."
hope -      Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as
county -      five centuries, and there is no better known family in the County of
wall -      hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with
steps -      a distant table absorbed in his work. At the sound of our steps he
fordham -      and send down to Fordham, the Horsham lawyer.'
common -      We followed the Indian down a sordid and common passage, ill lit and
valley -      beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found
touch -      "A touch! A distinct touch!" cried Holmes. "You are developing a
true -      perfectly aware of my true business. He is a man of fifty, strong,
bridge -      the mouth of the bridge lay the dead woman. Such are the main facts.
how -      how matters were, up to the time when I took over from Sergeant
lady -      But the words were taken from his mouth by the appearance of the lady
turn -      through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir. At every turn
well -      the others into it. You will all come in good time. Very well. He
old -      sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the
baldwin -      The execution had now been duly carried out. Ted Baldwin, who
more -      more by good luck than good guidance."
well -      spoke English well. This other, however, prints 'match' when it
point -      to the house at once? There may possibly be some small point which
quick -      "You are very quick at observing."
well -      "Exactly! Well, Watson, you have done all that a good friend could.
way -      door behind us. Holmes let the way up the curving, uncarpeted stair.
beryl -                The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet
nasty -      as no doubt you remember, and came a nasty cropper. I had been with
more -      Mason," he said at last. "Can't you make it more definite?"
box -      the drawing-room: so to the drawing-room I went, box in hand, leaving
boot -      firm land again. He held an old black boot in the air. "Meyers,
tongue -      that foul tongue. I did it, Mr. Holmes. I would do it again. Deeply
quarter -      the modern part is nothing like the size of the old quarter, where
lady -      vanished; "I will tell you the true solution of the matter. Lady St.
how -      We must stay where we are. See how the folk swarm over yonder in the
downs -      had ups in my life, and I've had downs, but I've learned not to cry
flush -      A flush sprang to the white cheeks of the stranger. "Well then," said
lodge -      owners near this place. You will remember that your lodge owes us a
way -      more interesting than her little problem, which, by the way, is
prospect -      The prospect of an interview with Lord Roberts would not have excited
street -      later streaming down the street.
rode -      who rode in Colonel Ross's colors before he became too heavy for the
dartmoor -      who may wish to enjoy the pure Dartmoor air. Tavistock itself lies
height -      named Hosmer Angel. About five ft. seven in. in height; strongly
glass -      "Look at that with your magnifying glass, Mr. Holmes."
morton -      "Yes, Mr. Holmes; Cyril Morton, an electrical engineer, and we hope
row -      one of a row, all flat-chested, respectable, and most unromantic
high -      act--he would never forgive me. For his own honour stands so high
way -      the most direct way is always the most natural. He walked into the
street -      Museum. Standing as it does near the corner of the street, it
london -      there was the name in the London telephone directory. I went after
mark -      "Yes," he said in answer to my remark, "you have seen me miss my mark
letters -      tell in your own words the incident of the letters."
baldwin -      "Oh, it's Jack, is it?" said Baldwin with an oath. "You've come to
wilson -      "Evidently," said I, "Mr. Wilson's assistant counts for a good deal
how -      sheer fright, and we know also what frightened him; but how are we to
triangle -      unusual mark--a branded triangle inside a circle--upon Mr. Douglas's
point -      is a single common point of resemblance in the varying reports which
home -      been my home.
stone -      with whitened stone steps and little groups of aproned women
way -      way I am no doubt indirectly responsible for Dr. Grimesby Roylott's
well -      "Well, when I came to think it all over in cool blood I was very much
den -      poor devil who has been done to death in that den. It is the vilest
severn -      beautiful Stroud Valley, and over the broad gleaming Severn, found
more -      of paper upon the table and turned once more to his chemical
point -      it. And he hurled it away at this point of his flight. We know at
woolwich -      "The effect of our inquiries at Woolwich has in the main been against
send -      Milverton will send the letters to the Earl unless a large sum of
wood -      back his son; but I had gained the cover of the wood, though I was
street -      Private Hotel, in Craven Street, which was actually one of those
norton -      "This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the matter.
more -      "There go two of my threads, Watson. There is nothing more
letters -      the recent letters to which I have alluded.  Of these the first and
well -      "Theories are all very well, but we have to deal with a hard-headed
more -      something of the sort. I waited quite a time, but there was no more
street -      room of the first floor in Baker Street which had been the
how -      "But are you sure of this, Holmes? How do you know that the woman is
well -      singular-looking man, whose appearance, as well as his voice,
cinders -      raking out the cinders. He didn't like the look of it."
wish -      own bird, so if you wish--"
commons -      Doctors' Commons, where I hope to get some data which may help us in
lordship -      Lordship. "I may be forced to acquiesce in these recent developments,
rattle -      shortly afterwards heard the rattle of hoofs, as it wheeled out into
green -      been dreaming of the bright green fields and the hedges of England.
laid -      of the incident should at last be laid before the public. If in
old -      the door was unbarred and open. Mr. Sherman was a lanky, lean old
central -      central of these that the sinister sounds were issuing, sinking
rooms -      by Stapleton in the cab. From his knowledge of our rooms and of my
middle -      "'The original has no date, but is in the spelling of the middle of
how -      "How are you getting on?"
carey -      Captain Peter Carey. No record of the doings of Mr. Sherlock Holmes
stapleton -      interested and asked Stapleton more than once whether he did really
scale -      "My professional charges are upon a fixed scale," said Holmes coldly.
stone -      stone down its throat as far as my finger could reach. The bird gave
amberley -      upon myself, Mr. Amberley, if when so obvious a clue arose you should
woodley -      Mr. Carruthers and Mr. Woodley, who were home on a visit from South
well -      men don't conceal their place of business. Well, you will let me know
london -      Sumatra, now visiting London. An outbreak of the disease upon his
street -      of Bond Street, to William Derbyshire. Mrs. Straker tells us that
how -      pottery. Therefore I gathered the girl up at the last moment. How
close -      came across, seated himself close to the young traveller, and held
deal -      "I did a good deal of shopping. Dr. Mortimer here went round with me.
send -      of the Agra treasure. But send her nothing--not even the
more -      the train I asked Dodd one more question which I wished our companion
home -      captivating prospect. Will you be at home this evening? I suppose
lady -      informs me, the old lady takes a drive, and the carriage must slow
park -      about six o'clock at the Oxford Street end of Park Lane. A group of
read -      carriage and read it very carefully. It ran in this way:
well -      "The busts!" cried Lestrade. "Well, well, you have your own methods,
stapleton -      Stapleton laughed.
forth -      it, I was confident that I could pluck it forth. For an hour I sat
riverside -      attention of the authorities to the condition of the riverside
mortimer -      "Dr. Mortimer returns with me."
sudden -      sudden turn to good or evil stands for some strong influence which
gill -      Lower Gill Moor that we must hope for results. The police have really
well -      which it runs. The head was badly crushed--an injury which might well
dunlop -      light fell upon a patched Dunlop tyre. Up above us was the lighted
mortimer -      print which was actually observed by Dr. Mortimer. The hound was
devon -      recognized the familiar features of the Devon scenery.
point -      with the matter, but it is a point worth noting. I do not think that
middle -      daughter out of doors in the middle of the night, and flog them
valley -      paper stands for all that is solid in the valley. If that man is
real -      surface. "It's his real name, anyhow, and that is something to note."
well -      "Well, Watson," said Holmes when our visitor had left us, "what do
selden -      thing, however: How came Selden, in the darkness, to know that the
lady -      eyes, "you're not trying to scare me over this, are you? If the lady
breach -      into print. I need not say that such a breach of confidence is
stone -      stone is." He touched the bell. "I think we will go out through the
well -      "Well, we will take it as a working hypothesis for want of a better.
way -      turning up the gas. By the way, the prisoner has a small box in the
ash -      "Because the ash had twice dropped from his cigar."
town -      "Had he any friends in town?"
emsworth -      deal has happened since then. If Colonel Emsworth had not kicked me
bog -      had found a pathway through the bog. It helped us to realize the
twenty -      turned the contents out. There were twenty fifty-pound notes of the
old -      house, and he liked to keep the old ways up.
well -      essential to avoid scandal. Your discretion is as well known as your
sudden -      with the rest, when she complained of a sudden indisposition and
way -      care. By the way, what do you make of that tobacco-pouch found on the
stand -      have been unable to realize.  You must stand clear, Mr. Holmes, or be
coat -      "Mr. Holmes, Mr. Holmes," he said, turning the front of his coat and
tone -      which were slowly uttered in a tone of concentrated resolution. As a
staunton -      there was Henry Staunton, whom I helped to hang, but Godfrey Staunton
halfway -      exposed as high as the elbow. About halfway up the forearm was a
wall -      way of checking my calculation. When a man writes on a wall, his
close -      before I could close the door.
birmingham -      while on a visit to Birmingham. The father interested me extremely.
more -      queerer and more irritable, and we had ceaseless rows about nothing.
well -      "'Well, my man,' said he. 'What can I do for you?'
lodge -      his house, Wisteria Lodge, between Esher and Oxshott. Yesterday
west -      taken from Woolwich. There were seven in the pocket of Cadogan West.
lodge -      those who hold my promise. It's the business of the lodge, and even
old -      old man, and he dared not leave her long out of his sight for fear he
temple -      prospered in the strange settlement. Above all, the great temple
rooms -      upon his person or in his rooms. Catherine Cusack, maid to the
sudden -      sunk in his hands. Then with a sudden impulsive gesture he plucked a
old -      "It's all here, Count. The real facts as to the death of old Mrs.
well -      "Well," said I, "has this precious relation of yours departed, or is
real -      characteristic of the real artist. "What about Birlstone?" he asked.
stone -      suggested, but I wish to leave no stone unturned in trying to avenge
flush -      A flush of vexation passed over her expressive face. "We have been
more -      more obtrusive, his gold chains more weighty across a more gorgeous
glass -      food nor drink until you were good enough to pour me out that glass
quarter -      We crossed the marshy bottom and passed over a quarter of a mile of
moor -      and what must it be in a stone hut upon the moor. What passion of
wall -      the wall.
latimer -      "'This is very extraordinary conduct, Mr. Latimer,' I stammered.
lady -      The freckles started out on the lady's face.
bidden -      sternly bidden to drive on and keep silent, lest a worse thing befall
market -      of slums to Covent Garden Market. One of the largest stalls bore the
lawn -      houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of
lady -      "Think once more, Lady Brackenstall. Would it not be better to be
street -      Street behind it. No doubt they belonged to that criminal fraternity
lover -      more devoted lover. The lady, Alice Morphy, was a very perfect girl
close -      "Did you close it?"
london -      Shipping Company. Now, if you are well up in your London, you will
fisher -      was a most daring and successful seal and whale fisher. In 1883 he
mortimer -      him. So much he had learned from Dr. Mortimer. He had heard also that
lodge -      initiation into the lodge. His head ached with the effect of the
lady -      in a gloomy, faded old room. The lady questioned me eagerly about her
keeping -      since its inmate seldom left it. From keeping beasts in a cage, the
rise -      things which have obtruded themselves upon your notice give rise to
read -      "I won't insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that,
well -      "And he was well dressed?"
milverton -      had closed the slit between the curtains as Milverton's face had
tone -      Gregson in a very amiable tone. "I am bound to say that everything
well -      Henry turned to me. "Well, Watson, what do you think of this new
white -      the white haft of a knife driven blade-deep into his body. Giant as
shore -      from the south-west, the dragging anchor, the lee shore, and the last
sound -      youth, though comely to look at and, I should think, sound at heart."
wood -      Charlington Wood."
street -      therefore organized my Street Arab detective corps, and sent them
lead -      your mind that you might find it would lead you to crime?"
well -      "Well, it cannot be far if Barrymore had to carry out the food to it.
began -      he began to play some low, dreamy, melodious air,--his own, no doubt,
chase -      followed our abortive chase of the convict and our other strange
rocks -      dissent. I stood among the rocks watching them, very much puzzled as
how -      gang, it will be within the memory of the public how completely the
white -      White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at
paul -      of that building, near the corner of Paul's Wharf, which could tell
more -      no man ever had a more loving, faithful wife--and I can say also no
street -      Half Moon Street."
pocket -      you would slip your revolver into your pocket. An Eley's No. 2 is an
quarter -      In a quarter of an hour or so we were back at the physician's house.
law -      extraordinarily open, for the repeated failures of the law had proved
eye -      Baldwin had to take the proffered hand, for the baleful eye of the
douglas -      house; but Mr. Douglas chanced to come upon him, so he murdered him
stapleton -      lady and the man Stapleton?"
peninsula -      peninsula.
more -      him the more as a disfigured martyr. No, no. It is his moral side,
well -      entered, however, I could see that all had gone well with him.
mere -      "Facts are better than mere theories, after all. My view of the case
laid -      "They have laid the supper, then," he said, rubbing his hands.
america -      when I see one. This crime is from London, not from America."
how -      "Ah, too few! Too few! How very unfortunate, Watson! However, such as
hampshire -      "Yes, he bought a considerable estate in Hampshire some five years
bloomsbury -      quarter of an hour we were in Bloomsbury at the Alpha Inn, which is a
wood -      the path ran right on into Ragged Shaw, the wood which backed on to
more -      down to Sussex, and go a little more deeply into the matter upon the
way -      seriously. His ingenious mind instantly suggested a way by which the
more -      place more than three feet deep.
langham -      drove to the Langham, and was informed that Captain Morstan was
well -      "Dear me! Dear me!" he said at last. "Well, now, who would have
real -      to bring home the guilt to the real murderer.
true -      necessarily be true. The lady's charming personality must not be
home -      "No. You must escort her home. She lives with Mrs. Cecil Forrester,
lowther -      will jump, and you will drive to the Strand end of the Lowther
charing -      "Well, then, supposing that 'C.C.H.' does stand for 'Charing Cross
more -      friend, and hence MacDonald had been notified much more promptly than
way -      night we had resumed our journey and were well on our way to Geneva.
moor -      A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor. It filled
well -      "I was going to say that my practice could get along very well for a
quick -      A sound of quick steps broke the silence of the moor. Crouching among
way -      "'Now that shows real application!' he cried. 'That is the way to
milverton -      Milverton will send the letters to the Earl unless a large sum of
sound -      with all my ears. Suddenly, to my horror, there was a distinct sound
mere -      "I've no pistol," said the volunteer, a mere boy in his teens.
worth -      guarantee was worth."
high -      his high, thin, fleshless nose, gave him somewhat the resemblance to
oldacre -      Oldacre. On the contrary, she spoke of him with such bitterness that
way -      "See," said he. "No one could find his way into the Grimpen Mire
borne -      although I am a man whose character has never yet borne a stain.
common -      subjects in common, and it was a bond of union when I found that he
lee -      from the south-west, the dragging anchor, the lee shore, and the last
street -      these parts if you speak in the open street like that. Many a man has
bare -      yellow square of coarse plastering. Across this bare space there was
way -      all the way had it not been that Dr. Ferrier, who lives near me, was
park -      movements were hastened by the news of this very remarkable Park Lane
catch -      Forbes this morning. If he is quick enough to catch his bird, well
moor -      Watson! There is a watercourse across the moor. You see it marked
lady -      tell me what has become of the Lady Frances."
bank -      had not caught hold of me and paddled for the bank. I was five months
doncaster -      fell at Doncaster? Well, I was the only journalist in the stand, and
ross -      "'No excuse will avail,' said Mr. Duncan Ross; 'neither sickness nor
hope -      must be our main hope, for the brother is, of course, a complete
oakshott -      Oakshott to-night, or whether we should reserve it for to-morrow. It
wooden -      a wooden gate into a deserted yard, and then opened with a key the
bonds -      "We will suppose that this couple are united by the bonds of a guilty
beddington -      appears to have been none other that Beddington, the famous forger
reading -      assignation. Now, if the obvious reading of it is correct, and in
town -      Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I had just time to get up to town by the night
washington -      again if they let me loose in the treasury at Washington for it. I
hope -      Hope had almost persuaded himself that they must have done so, when
inch -      being pointed like Blessington's, and were quite an inch and a third
pinnacles -      pinnacles which marked the site of the rich landowner's dwelling. On
village -      Mr. Douglas seldom went to London or left the village; but on the day
more -      managed it. Or it is more probable that so delicate a task was
sudden -      a few miles away, and we imagined that in some sudden attack of
more -      in well-hedged fields where the lush grasses and more luxuriant
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, have you proved us to be wrong yet? Have you found
letters -      letters. Shortly after his return all this was changed. He told me
hound -      that it was the cry of a hound? I am not a child. You need not fear
well -      "Well, about Victor Savage's death. You as good as admitted just now
avenue -      our window we could command a view of the avenue gate, and of the
liverpool -      "He has been heard of in Liverpool. They expect to get him every
winchester -      Winchester to see the race for the Wessex Cup. Colonel Ross met us by
old -      campaigner as well as an old friend.  We sat in the Strasbourg
lake -      for silver, and were returning to Salt Lake City in the hope of
north -      bi-weekly North Surrey Observer. Under a series of flaming headlines,
lowther -      breakfast to the Lowther Arcade, through which I hurried at the top
well -      "Well, she saw something to alarm her. That is certain. The general
mere -      the old metal and pebbles which my client had dragged from the mere.
scott -      Gloria Scott, bound for Australia.
scotland -      of a Scotland Yard investigation. He was immensely tickled by his own
sudden -      investigation of the sudden death of Cardinal Tosca--an inquiry which
lock -      "It is a noiseless lock," said he. "It is no wonder that it did not
farmers -      can't answer, but among the farmers or gentry there is no one whose
lodge -      suppose that the lodge would let a man go free with all its secrets?"
lady -      "That is the lady," said Holmes.
moor -      the true beauties of the moor."
winchester -      he became conscious that two Winchester rifles were levelled at his
well -      "Well, I thought over the matter all day, and by evening I was in low
stair -      stair to the passage in which Lady Beatrice's room is situated."
more -      The ring at the bell proved to be something even more satisfactory
stair -      tumultuous rush into the hall, rapid feet clattered up the stair, and
well -      "Well, Watson," said he, "a very pretty hash you have made of it! I
white -      "My brothers!" cried Mortimer Tregennis, white to his lips. "They are
gordon -      taken in Gordon Square, and that was my true wedding after all those
gravel -      the wheels on the gravel, and he would trot out each morning to the
harker -      Harker. Tell him from me that I have quite made up my mind, and that
yell -      had uttered that last yell of agony.
how -      "Mr. Holmes," said Hopkins, "I do not know how to express my
well -      me, and it was well he did so, for I had a fit in the station, and
point -      it deserves to be examined, and the very point which appears to
west -      by the medicine-men in certain districts of West Africa and is kept
more -      unfurnished and unoccupied, so that his expedition became more
way -      "Pending the alterations, as I understand. By the way, there does not
well -      "Well, we were both worried. It was so deucedly difficult to
well -      "Well, if it must be, it must. Come up to the house and you can judge
valley -      has used when I questioned him. 'I have been in the Valley of Fear. I
lady -      composure of manner. She was a blonde young lady, small, dainty, well
well -      these parts. It's not nearly so well done. They forgot the water and
stand -      sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to
high -      The Black Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance
glass -      beside him. There was a glass of water on the table, and on the
old -      "You were always a noble woman, Anna," said the old man, puffing at
white -      Fairbank was a good-sized square house of white stone, standing back
well -      can check me where I am wrong. Shall I do so? Well, well, don't
how -      how heavily the hand of the dead man weighed upon them.  Of their
way -      out-of-the way knowledge which would astonish his professors."
shop -      "If you could have looked into Allardyce's back shop you would have
letters -      dictates his letters."
how -      robbery, nor is there any evidence as to how the man met his death.
turn -      turn to--none, save only one, who cares for me, and he, poor fellow,
send -      not have caused him to send for me. As to the release of the lady, it
more -      in touch with you, Watson, for it is more than likely that you will
eye -      scuffle, your son struck Sir George and cut him over the eye. Then
lady -      As he spoke the door opened and a young lady entered the room. She
well -      "Well, well, spend the day as you like," said Holmes, patting him
hatherley -      ungovernable, I left him and returned towards Hatherley Farm. I had
old -      coming down with an old rusty key, which must have belonged to the
tavistock -      "Now, gentlemen," said he, "I am quite ready for Tavistock."
way -      way, singly and in groups, along the blackened path.
point -      must be an exceedingly delicate and complex affair from your point of
athelney -      "Ah! the other man--?" asked Athelney Jones, in a sneering voice, but
bank -      "The Worthingdon bank gang," cried the inspector.
bracken -      Bronzing bracken and mottled bramble gleamed in the light of the
more -      "Seeing that my client was anxious to leave, I said no more but,
prospect -      prospect of my regaining my freedom if certain expenses could be met.
clouds -      clouds lighten, though I should not venture to say that the danger is
barney -      when I have time. His immediate principal, Barney, is a more astute
carlton -      it over the telephone to the Carlton Club.
more -      almost next door to it. These rooms appeared to be much more modern
way -      for a mile either way. If these two folk passed away by road it was
lady -      special pride of the lady of Shoscombe Old Place."
more -      small commission. He said no more; but I fancy that I could guess at
real -      "'You must put it down, sir, to my real love for your son.'
woodley -      Carruthers and Woodley, since they appear to be men of such a
home -      "Why should he not go to the home of his fathers?"
more -      explanations are more improbable still. However, I shall very quickly
stones -      I could see that the old, foot-worn gray stones with which it was
moor -      such a creature bounding through the darkness of the moor upon his
home -      went home. The policeman and I agreed that our best plan would be to
warren -      neighbourhood. Ah, Mrs. Warren! what news do you bring us this
flash -      each other. A single flash--that is A, surely. Now, then. How many
reading -      was reading his legend."
law -      "that I have got into the way of being a law to myself. You would do
eye -      laboured breathing and glazing eye showed that it was not far from
milverton -      Milverton for some time, and, between ourselves, he was a bit of a
worth -      just walk in; but perhaps it would hardly be worth your while to put
well -      "Well, well," said he, "I suppose I shall have to compound a felony
west -      of your counties, lying along the Arkansas River, west of Fort Dodge.
lodge -      at Pondicherry Lodge in Upper Norwood. He had prospered in India, and
old -      It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united
more -      "I could not imagine a more complete case."
strode -      and a savage-looking, weather-beaten man in tattered garments strode
high -      dusty high roads defiled long streams of heavily-laden mules, all
lady -      believe that the lady was privy to it. I think I could show you the
frankfort -      "There was the case of Von Bischoff at Frankfort last year. He would
mark -      shallow mark of the front one. It was undoubtedly heading away from
old -      "Well, if you really must know, she is an old nurse of my wife's,
pocket -      your door just as day was breaking, you filled your pocket with some
old -      seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton
well -      "Well, well!" said Holmes, impatiently. "A good cyclist does not need
cross -      printed in rather straggling characters: 'Miss S. Cushing, Cross
mortimer -      duplicate of the one which had burned in the room of Mortimer
keeping -      folding-door, and its shining brasswork. All was in keeping with a
well -      "I thought it as well," said Holmes as we climbed the stile, "that
way -      thin face and gray hair and solemn-like way of talking. When he put
stair -      As they reached the bottom of the stair he had seen Mrs. Douglas
true -      "'It rings true, eh?' said he. 'It's good enough to act upon?'
more -      practical thinker once more. "Put the pearl in the safe, Watson,"
wish -      wish to have murder on our souls. It was one thing to knock the
edge -      heart. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet
how -      knees were what I wished to see. You must yourself have remarked how
parr -      client. Lucy Parr, who had brought in the coffee, had, I am sure,
weeks -      than a few weeks. The soles which you are at this moment presenting
park -      to a park gate, which was opened for us by an old lodge-keeper, whose
way -      knew it by certain words he let fall. I knew it by the way he looked
how -      weapons--and an American one at that? How could they be so sure that
turn -      object in turn, but his face showed that his quest was not a
laid -      he laid down his cigarette, and carrying the cane to the window, he
charles -      newcomer. We came shortly after Sir Charles settled. But my tastes
send -      send Perkins and the wagonette home, and the opportunity was a good
street -      Shafter's on Sheridan Street, Vermissa; so I'm not hiding from you,
grey -      jutted out the grey gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
read -      read it to you."
way -      are wronged and have no other way to help themselves."
march -      the March evening were beginning to fall, when an excited rustic
more -      more than dislike. It was fear--a deep, secret, shrinking fear. That
seal -      you find the seal with the thumb-mark upon it."
more -      "As a rule," said Holmes, "the more bizarre a thing is the less
more -      perhaps have stood a little in the way of the recognition of my more
more -      asked me. I shall feel more at ease when we have our story-teller
south -      Frankland, of Lafter Hall, who lives some four miles to the south of
pocket -      "Now, Watson," said he. "Have you any change in your pocket?"
more -      which would cover the facts. Next day I found the colonel rather more
mark -      Watson--mark that! The crime seems to have been committed late in the
boot -      wooden stump. You see here on the sill is the boot-mark, a heavy boot
way -      telegram that we are now upon our way to Cambridge. The path of our
church -      man and hurried into the church. There was not a soul there save the
woolwich -      Yet we added one more sheaf to our harvest before we left Woolwich
way -      "The warrant is on its way. The coffin shall remain in the house
water -      front of our door, but the water was in places nearly dried up, and
sudden -      a sudden and dreadful misfortune wrecked all my prospects in life.
county -      next election, has cast a gloom over the county. Though Sir Charles
press -      "I think that you will find all the main ones in the press reports. I
more -      more row I'll open the kennels and let out forty-three dogs upon
reach -      are, if you have the wit to reach them."
way -      "Thick and horny in a way which is quite new in my experience. Always
wall -      wall of fog.
began -      and began to strap. He was busily engaged at it when the cabman
lent -      lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, and received in
boot -      "My missing boot!" he cried.
deal -      "I have already said that I owe a great deal to his kindness. If I am
deal -      "'It means nothing to the message, but it might mean a good deal to
wish -      "You are an early bird, Mr. Mac," said he. "I wish you luck with your
wish -      suggested, but I wish to leave no stone unturned in trying to avenge
mortimer -      "I hope," said Dr. Mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious
moat -      White Mason, whether you examined the farther side of the moat at
village -      "So much I learned partly from village gossip and partly from my own
lady -      "He's a brave fellow," said a woman. "They would have had the lady's
nowhere -      I know, nowhere else in the neighborhood. So much is observation. The
countess -      my strong box now and drop a line to the Countess to say that we have
stair -      well-carpeted stair.
mason -      "What is Mrs. Mason like?" asked Holmes.
home -      being from home, as he well knew. When they had brought her to the
well -      "Well, sir, when a man does one queer thing, or two queer things,
manor -      hours last night at the Manor House."
vicarage -      away swiftly in the direction of the vicarage.
stone -      important and less innocent aspect. Here is the stone; the stone came
well -      events in London did not run so well as I had hoped, for the trial of
town -      climate of Florida for the lonely life of an English provincial town.
way -      good with my money, to make up for the way in which I had earned it.
milverton -      wicked, flattened faces? Well, that's how Milverton impresses me.
how -      "How can you say that?"
rise -      companion, however much he may have top-coated him, would give rise
way -      tell you all this on our way to Aldershot to-morrow."
wish -      wish to have a quiet word with you, Bradstreet." "Certainly, Mr.
steps -      my point. Now, I know that there are seventeen steps, because I have
deal -      time, and in this way I saw a deal of my sister-in-law, Sarah. She
well -      it well, for my summer quarters were down there once. Norberton
bold -      come quietly with us, he answered us as bold as brass, 'I suppose you
jump -      Rance gave a violent jump, and stared at Sherlock Holmes with the
white -      cocaine-bottle." And he stretched his long white hand up for it.
way -      the way of her making so brilliant a marriage. Yet I am certain that
devon -      it down by the North Devon line and walked a great distance over the
lake -      John Ferrier went in to Salt Lake City, and having found his
high -      citizens, including that high municipal official, Councillor McGinty,
stair -      stair, first corridor, seventh right, green baize.' This is an
sudden -      connected the sudden departure with the visit to the hotel a day or
frinton -      Purlington is in Essex, I believe, not far from Frinton. Well, of
street -      Oxford Street."
pilgrims -      of Malay pilgrims. They were a rum crowd, and Tonga and I soon
eye -      "Then I'll keep my eye on the parties, Mr. Holmes. If anything comes
lady -      still tied to her. The lady refuses to speak, sulks, takes to drink.
more -      be more valuable than the conclusion of an analytical reasoner. And
well -      "Well, I must confess that it beats me. It was a cool hand, whoever
west -      The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night had settled
mountain -      the melancholy hooting of a mountain owl was heard within a few yards
tottenham -      plumber in the Tottenham Court Road, and he left a tidy business
white -      "There now!" said Holmes bitterly as he emerged panting and white
bridge -      a gap which I had been unable to bridge, in this most complex affair.
hound -      "The baronet himself told him about the family hound, and so prepared
how -      "But if you saw him so seldom and wrote so seldom, how did he know
white -      little choice in white wines.--Watson, you have never yet recognized
more -      "Indeed, I should have thought a little more. Just a trifle more, I
valley -      came crashing down into the valley beneath.
more -      "We have more to tell you than you have for us," said Phelps,
white -      scattered white objects which glisten in the sun, and stand out
true -      nor your son knew the true character of this man when you admitted
how -      "Exactly. Well, now, Watson, how many cows did you see on the moor?"
lady -      National at Lausanne. Lady Frances seems to have left there and given
oath -      we solemnly renewed our oath to stand by each other and be true to
river -      though--you remember when we left the river?"
start -      The Gold King gave a violent start and half rose from his chair. Then
millbank -      "What are we to do, then?" I asked, as we landed near Millbank
more -      area of light. For a minute or more the hand, with its writhing
woking -      I met him accordingly next morning and we traveled down to Woking
moor -      "Yes, the wicket-gate which leads on to the moor."
street -      Baker Street irregulars."
stone -      on each side of it. Just beyond were two ancient stone pillars,
sundial -      "'The sundial in the garden. There is no other,' said I; 'but the
west -      "Oh, to the other side of the West End. It may be some time before I
moor -      the first down, he perceived a strange horse wandering over the moor.
well -      very poor, but he is hard-working and industrious. He will do well.
wales -      England against Wales, and I've skippered the 'Varsity all this year.
lyons -      "There is Laura Lyons--her initials are L. L.--but she lives in
tongue -      been for his poisonous, lying tongue that explains and soothes, I'd
well -      "Well, then, tell me who is behind you on this job."
way -      after all, and I have no right to stand in the way of it. I'd only
princetown -      away the great convict prison of Princetown. Between and around these
stand -      any man's spoken word stand between them and that husband's dead
send -      "Oh, man, of course. No woman would ever send a reply-paid telegram.
sound -      "The least sound would be fatal to our plans."
read -      handed it over, and Holmes read it aloud.
town -      countrified, considering that it is so close to town. We had an inn
way -      them, but half way up the yellow of the Mapleton stable showed to the
send -      send Mortimer the gardener for the local police. A little later the
riverside -      murder-trap on the whole riverside, and I fear that Neville St. Clair
home -      distant plantation, and was riding slowly home in the evening, when
boot -      Street with hardly a coat to his back or a boot to his foot.
walls -      The room had been fashioned into a small museum, and the walls were
london -      inflexible blade marked Weiss & Co., London.
mark -      mark against you for this. If it were the devil himself a constable
twenty -      Twenty long years in that fever-ridden swamp, all day at work under
more -      "No more than was necessary for the purposes of our examination."
how -      knew how he winced from the very thought of death, had much ado to
rooms -      rooms of the first floor into a sitting-room and bedroom for himself.
well -      "Well, that's reasonable enough," said Lestrade. "Nothing further you
hope -      my answer to this is as I hope, you will have a very pretty case to
point -      From this point onward I will follow the course of events by
more -      Now for the point which I will make more plain when we meet.  Indeed,
musgrave -      old observance called the Musgrave Ritual. It is a sort of ceremony
turn -      show me how to turn the stone into money. But how to get to him in
read -      "That is how I read it," said I.
rise -      might rise to great heights in his profession. On his arrival he
angle -      long black cigar projecting at an angle from his mouth. He wore a
glass -      clearly reflected in the glass of the window where the shutter formed
yonder -      "'There used to be a very old one over yonder but it was struck by
oldacre -      "'Neither my son nor I want anything from Jonas Oldacre, dead or
well -      is as well that we should talk where there can be no eavesdropping."
cocking -      "No clue?" asked Holmes, cocking his eye at the Colonel.
valley -           The Valley of Fear
tor -           The Man on the Tor
more -      something in his collection more valuable than he knew--something
london -      the vigil, until he returned. Holmes had missed him in London. It
grey -      smile, and two keen grey eyes, which gleamed brightly from behind
mark -      chess-playing doctor. Amberley excelled at chess--one mark, Watson,
moor -      your expression as you surveyed the moor out of our window."
baldwin -      "Maybe Miss Ettie has told you how it is with us?" said Baldwin.
old -      again and again to resume the old relations and to penetrate this
high -      be compromised. That however is surely impossible. His high
hound -      hound was on his trail?"
tongue -      person, very dapper and quick, with a clear head and a ready tongue.
audley -      stand. "That's Audley Court in there," he said, pointing to a narrow
home -      "Arthur does. Mary and I stay at home. We neither of us care for it."
lady -      clumsy introduction, and the lady made me feel it.
old -      With many mumbled blessings and protestations of gratitude the old
sea -      roof floated like a strange ship upon a shadowy sea. Holmes struck
elms -      We walked down the quaint village street with a row of pollarded elms
hound -      of his master it was he who cared for the hound, though he may never
letters -      "Yes, sir. He posted seven letters to-day. I have the addresses as
flash -      "Very mysterious," said he with a quick, suspicious flash of his dark
broadmoor -      Broadmoor than the scaffold. He has, to a high degree, the sort of
stand -      to stand heat better than cold, and a thermometer at ninety was no
lawn -      lighted.  We know, also, that he ran across the lawn, entered the
ashen -      appearance, but his face was of an ashen white, while his lips and
america -      "My uncle Elias emigrated to America when he was a young man and
dundee -      from Dundee. If they had come from Pondicherry in a steamer they
wish -      not criminal, and which he would wish to have known, then you cannot
turn -      hundreds in this great city who turn white at his name. No one knows
well -      "Well, if you couldn't you couldn't. If the Countess is a hard
catch -      hoping that I might catch some glimpse of the country-side, but an
wish -      and wish my services.  I was not surprised, therefore, on Monday
angle -      that angle of the house. We were a good sixty feet from the ground,
coombe -      were at the station of Coombe Tracey and had dispatched the trap upon
streatham -      house at Streatham, carrying the jewel with me. I did not breathe
redruth -      were a family of tin-miners at Redruth, but we sold our venture to a
bank -      borrowed for that purpose 30,000 napoleons from the Bank of France.
audley -      Audley Court was not an attractive locality. The narrow passage led
wish -      "I wish nothing better," said our client. "All I ask is that you
america -      brother. The young man when last heard of was in America, and
street -      we sat over a glass of whisky and soda in Baker Street, "it was
way -      have been made and he will be on his way to South America. For God's
butt -      for five minutes but you must butt in on us?"
wish -      "Pshaw, my dear boy! it was simplicity itself. I don't wish to be
middle -      middle of it a single sentence had been formed by the expedient of
how -      "Strange," said I, "how terms of what in another man I should call
well -      "Only too well."
how -      was his life or hers, for how could I leave her in the power of this
rose -      uniformed policemen sat inside. Inspector Martin rose and touched his
coat -      foot long--one could carry it easily under one's coat. There was no
street -      professional chambers in Victoria Street.
mount -      of Mount Harriet, and I was left pretty much to myself. It is a
read -      horror when he read it."
sudden -      But she had not recovered from that sudden glimpse of guilty fear
city -      departed from Salt Lake City. John Ferrier's heart was sore within
way -      head thrust forward in the eager way characteristic of the man.
chalk -      "That clay and chalk mixture which I see upon your toe caps is quite
lady -      whether your suggestion of seeing this lady personally may not be
more -      and I knew nothing more until I read of this horrible affair in the
well -      lose--well, I dare not think of that!"
way -      "'"Just walk on a little way, dear," said Mrs. Barclay; "I want to
how -      would wish me to go with him, nor could I understand how we could
warren -      "Well, Mrs. Warren, I cannot see that you have any particular cause
shop -      duplicates of the one which was destroyed in Morse Hudson's shop?"
more -      which I did you. I should have had more faith in your marvellous
guide -      it is the clue which will guide you in the solution of some mystery
merton -      the following letter from Division Master Windle of Merton County
court -      "That's your affair, and I guess you can settle it in court
more -      pronounced, the eyes shone more brightly out of darker hollows, and a
deal -      used to, and I dare say I stared rather straight at the two deal
street -      against Lucas. Godolphin Street, Westminster, is only a few minutes'
more -      may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a box for
send -      has liquor and good pay, why should he ask questions? They send him
bank -      bulk of his fortune abroad in the Deutsche Bank or the Credit
how -      "'And how far from the edge of the wood?'
well -      wrong. However, she would have it so, and it was done. Well, about
point -      and he looked from my point of view like a strange, lank bird, with
real -      in time come to be a dangerous rival. My husband--yes, my real name
pocket -      by ten. He kept the key in his pocket, made his own bed, cleaned it
town -      fact that Vermissa is a flourishing little town at the head of one of
point -      find out from his own lips, at the point of my revolver if necessary,
more -      more controlled excitement was even greater than the obtrusive
moor -      have been looking out for something or somebody upon the moor. The
high -      "How high was it?"
more -      "Well, he has rather more viciousness than I gave him credit for, has
clatter -      my comrade blew a shrill call upon a whistle. There was the clatter
rose -      As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room, while Sir Henry
way -      was one of four which stood back some little way from the street, two
quick -      "What is it?" the Mormon asked uneasily. "Be quick. The very rocks
woodley -      serve you as you served Jack Woodley. You can bleat about the girl to
west -      it may be that I have got a little careless in my ways out West.
well -      "Well, it must be the creature who lives in the only comfortable room
bank -      "You must surely remember the great Worthingdon bank business," said
lawn -      overlooks the lawn and garden. About two in the morning I was seated
cam -      through the Cam before he would shake Pompey off his trail. Oh, the
stand -      black shadow wavering down upon me? Already I was unable to stand
glass -      gone. The despatch-box had stood beside the glass upon my
street -      four-wheeler which stood on the far side of the street. "May I
wilson -      local police station, in charge of Sergeant Wilson of the Sussex
heights -      might rise to great heights in his profession. On his arrival he
douglas -      secret society, some implacable organization, was on Douglas's track,
oath -      There was a murmur of assent, with many a muttered oath. McGinty took
horsham -      and took a small estate in Sussex, near Horsham. He had made a very
common -      stood for E. As you are aware, E is the most common letter in the
kensington -      drove home to my house in Kensington I thought over it all, from the
woking -      and saw me into the Woking train. I believe that he would have come
how -      her nose--that proved to be the correct solution. How can you build
stand -      can't lay a finger on it until we all three stand in a row.
surrey -      Reigate in Surrey, and had frequently asked me to come down to him
way -      towards my daughter, Alice, and spoke to her more than once in a way
how -      say is the absolute truth, and how you use it is a matter of no
how -      the lamp, and see how naturally you, being right-handed, hold the
rose -      My friend rose lazily from his armchair and stood with his hands in
how -      think that you have powers that are not human. Now, how on earth
clouds -      blowing great clouds from his cigar.
raise -      drove me mad. This drunken hound, that he should dare to raise his
mark -      should be if I abused it. Now, mark you, Ettie, it will be just a
lady -      missing lady. There are rumours of foul play in the matter, and it is
home -      years. I knew there was trouble coming, and I came home and made
well -      "Well, I don't know why not," said the inspector. "He doesn't look a
more -      Fear?' I have asked him when I have seen him more serious than usual.
wells -                           Estimates for Artesian Wells
high -      more and passing his hand over his high white forehead, "you can
mere -      that the affair of the blue carbuncle, which appeared to be a mere
raise -      minutes' silence. "Why should you raise up hopes which you are bound
way -      way of checking my calculation. When a man writes on a wall, his
moor -      On the contrary, the evidence is that he avoided the moor. That night
how -      said the inspector angrily. "How long have you allowed us to waste
upwood -      which he had exposed the atrocious conduct of Colonel Upwood in
link -      "The last link," he cried, exultantly. "My case is complete."
west -      "I have my old favourite with me. If our Wild West friend tries to
box -      in the witnessbox. Quite another shaped box, my good Holmes, I assure
hollows -      full. Here and there, however, there are curves and hollows which
well -      being from home, as he well knew. When they had brought her to the
worth -      trifling bust was worth more in the eyes of this strange criminal
simpson -      row naturally ensued. Simpson beat out the trainer's brains with his
real -      or twice in my career I feel that I have done more real harm by my
well -      "Well, sir, it did not appear to be a matter which concerned the
south -      rich and prosperous man in the south of England. He was ready enough
town -      hundred men into this town that would clear it out from end to end."
hilton -      well, to see that he was profoundly excited. The moment that Hilton
latimer -      "English," I answered in some surprise. "I got them at Latimer's, in
lover -      ever either Ettie or her lover set foot in the Valley of Fear. Ten
stapleton -      enable her to earn an honest living. Stapleton did for one, and Sir
well -      folk, small farmers, well known and respected over the country-side,
london -      third from London."
common -      The house had a common stair, and there were a number of names
hare -      curiosity were such as Mr. John Hare alone could have equalled. It
parr -      absolute reliability is quite above suspicion. Another, Lucy Parr,
well -      "Well, you see me. This is all there is. What d'you think of me?"
close -      'Colonel Lysander Stark' engraved upon it. Close at his heels came
euston -      the vicinity of Euston. You see, I argued that if Drebber and his
old -      "Lie number one," said the old man; "I never saw either of them until
stone -                        THE ADVENTURE OF THE MAZARIN STONE
send -      that if he finds the pocket-book which I have dropped he is to send
lodge -      I'll give them. Did Morris say nothing to you against the lodge?"
quick -      "You have your back answer quick enough."
pocket -      to follow them. When I got to London my pocket was about empty, and I
how -      once again you know exactly how we stand, and it is clear that I must
athelney -      he repeated; "and so Mr. Athelney Jones will think."
row -      a row of well-lit stores, and even more by a cluster of saloons and
university -      weeks in one of our great University towns, and it was during this
wish -      enemy. "You'll wish you had never set foot in this house before I am
how -      McMurdo laughed incredulously. "How can you prove that?" he asked.
old -      tell an old master by the sweep of his brush. I can tell a Moriarty
height -      half the height o' that gun. I guess it's never too late. You say
brunton -      bureau, using the key which Brunton had left, and I had turned to go
more -      at last he made a trip--only a little, little trip--but it was more
street -      "Something in the street," said Merton. "Now look here, guv'nor,
way -      upon the table. A glance showed him that chance had put in his way a
stone -      "Yes, the great yellow Mazarin stone. I've cast my net and I have my
well -      "Well, at least," said Holmes, "you have had your revenge upon them.
more -      never have I wondered at it more than upon that spring morning in
lake -      timber surrounds the house, and the lake, to which my client had
more -      "I never was more glad to see anyone in my life," said I, as I wrung
high -      "What's this?" he cried in a high, screaming voice. "What is the
read -      occupation is gone.  He is lost if he returns to London.  If I read
point -      if you would enlighten me on one point."
white -      MacDonald and White Mason stared in amazement at their celebrated
scotland -      nearly avenged Scotland Yard."
exeter -      corner of a first-class carriage flying along en route for Exeter,
rock -      slipped in the wet notches of the rock, I thought that I was gone.
street -      in Regent Street? The beard might well have been the same. The cabman
intake -      dead man. I heard a sharp intake of his breath and the cigar fell
way -      House to the Grimpen Road, and is your natural way home."
mason -      White Mason, I wish to give you a very earnest piece of advice. When
baldwin -      the blows. The others ceased at last; but Baldwin, his cruel face set
read -      read it, clapped both his hands to his head, and began running round
close -      "I think that we have had a close shave ourselves of being arrested
point -      every point where it might be, and I am sure that there is no danger
old -      the letter I never dreamed of any harm to the old gentleman, who had
point -      "Then we come to the all-important point. This pistol that was found
heather -      heather of Woking. Briarbrae proved to be a large detached house
sea -      for the third. On the stock was engraved 'S.S.. Sea Unicorn, Dundee.'
more -      "Plenty more here, Count. Here is the robbery in the train de-luxe to
how -      "If you didn't see him, how do you know he was in the loft?"
point -      seen the point of the picture. It shows him to be a very wealthy man.
rose -      country. There rose through the clear air a confused clattering and
quick -      such a dÃ©nouement? But the quick inference, the subtle trap, the
street -      the street and let us see if we can hear of anything.'
more -      trifling bust was worth more in the eyes of this strange criminal
way -      this way my second link was formed, which told me that the nocturnal
pocket -      your pistol in your pocket. When the fellow comes speak to him in an
street -      us in the crowd of Regent Street, but it would puzzle him to do so
leslie -      I found Sir Leslie Oakshott, the famous surgeon, in the hall and his
well -      You heard him yourselves to-night. Well, he has always answered me
well -      "Well, well, Inspector," said he. "Do you follow your path and I will
law -      before he was hanged that in my case what the law had gained the
moor -      horse out on to the moor. So spirited a creature would have certainly
well -      "'Well, well, you must not do anything rash, or that you might
flat -      up from the flat, green landscape and told of the glory and
wilson -      "'Then, good-bye, Mr. Jabez Wilson, and let me congratulate you once
old -      panelling and tapestry and half-effaced old pictures, a house of
began -      "He began by drawing a most formidable-looking bludgeon loaded with
stand -      clearly how we all stand."
nasty -      nasty I shall shoot him dead." He took out his revolver as he spoke,
london -      steel. I've been checkmated in London. I can only wish you better
rooms -      "In a very few minutes, sir. You will find hot water in your rooms.
well -      realities of life. "Well, it would be absurd to deny that the case is
how -      you is, how did he ever get into the house at all if the bridge was
way -      We were coming out of the ice-pack on our way home, with head winds
more -      "Think once more, Lady Brackenstall. Would it not be better to be
coat -      of your coat. Had you sat in the centre of a hansom you would
water -      "Water! For God's sake, water!" was his cry.
douglas -      In age he was rather younger than Douglas--forty-five at the most--a
whitehall -      walk from Whitehall Terrace. The other secret agents whom I have
read -      wait as a wolf waits for a lamb. It must read most incredible to you,
woolwich -      for the Woolwich Theatre, dated for that very evening. Also a small
stapleton -      your eyes. Please, please, be frank with me, Miss Stapleton, for ever
cannon -      morning, returning by the 5.14 from Cannon Street every night. Mr.
way -      who had arranged the way that I was to take, had betrayed me by means
brunton -      "'But to me it seems immensely practical, and I fancy that Brunton
white -      followed by cannibalism. The more usual victims are a white cock,
street -      nine o'clock.  On our way we had to pass through Hudson Street, which
eccles -      him down to Esher. Now, what did he want with Eccles? What could
lodge -      drink the quarrelling toast of the lodge. After that, as you know,
more -      really think that you will be more comfortable outside than in."
court -      say you must say in court. You will walk down with me now to the
more -      he grew more and more excited. That is shown by the increased length
well -      The prediction of the Mormon was only too well fulfilled. Whether it
pocket -      Holmes took a bundle of papers from his pocket.
lambeth -      lower quarter of Lambeth. I had to knock for some time at No. 3
oaks -      oaks around it as one only sees in rural England, then a sudden turn,
how -      That's how he heads it.
hatchet -      The door opened to admit a thin, austere figure with a hatchet face
old -      He raised his eyes languidly from the old black-letter volume which
reading -      When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he
loose -      He knew, no doubt, that there was some screw loose, but he was not in
haven -      "The Haven is the name of Mr. Josiah Amberley's house," I explained.
hayes -      "James came into contact with this fellow Hayes because the man was a
british -      had the British workman in the house.  He's a token of evil.  Not the
bath -      A bath at Baker Street and a complete change freshened me up
lawn -      "'Very likely. And yet if it were on the lawn, I wonder that you did
lady -      old lady, Watson. I was never more convincing. He actually picked up
edgware -      "Holloway and Steele, in the Edgware Road. But why?"
east -      Slaney, Elrige's Farm, East Ruston, Norfolk.
turn -      this woman, or whether she thought that she could turn me against my
way -      way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other
lead -      lead me down the right path as nothing else had ever done. In a word,
sudden -      terrified animals. Unaccustomed to sudden emergencies, her head began
way -      he. "A man can't expect always to have it his own way, can he, Dr.
anchor -      from the south-west, the dragging anchor, the lee shore, and the last
home -      absolutely at home. Tell us what you can, but stop when you are tired
west -      Victorian epoch in the West End of London. Next door there appeared
touch -      whom he is in touch. Picture to yourself the pilot fish with the
willoughby -      black silk cord dangling from the end of it. "Willoughby Smith had
touch -      attach myself to his household and keep the others in touch with his
pool -      pool and waits for the coming of the thirsty beast of prey. What
more -      And yet it was clear from his actions that he thought more seriously
stapleton -      warning of Miss Stapleton, delivered with such intense earnestness
more -      would be premature to say more."
touch -      touch her. She is pure Spanish, the real blood of the masterful
friendly -      with their arms linked in friendly fashion. The inspector remained,
county -      in social strata on some far lower horizon than the county society of
more -      answered, smiling, "and the humbler are usually the more interesting.
middle -      lies, like the boss of a shield, in the middle of the huge circle of
bridge -      spot at the other side of Hammersmith Bridge. Here the cabman was
south -      told me four weeks ago that Thurston had an option on some South
knock -      not take much to knock me over. I don't know how you manage this, Mr.
lady -      morning. But at that time it will be in the hands of the lady's
link -      "Let us take it link by link. There is, on the face of it, something
gang -      them. It is that gang of Barney Stockdale, with the big nigger in
sutherland -      Mary Sutherland. "Yes, I did bang out of the house," she said, "for
pocket -      More in your brains than in your pocket, eh? What would you say if I
way -      morning I shall find my way to Coombe Tracey, and if I can see this
triangle -      curious brown design, a triangle inside a circle, standing out in
well -      "Well, now, Watson, let us judge the situation by this new
close -      "Well, unless he has a burrow close by or a change of clothes ready,
esher -      him down to Esher. Now, what did he want with Eccles? What could
berkshire -      "'To Eyford, in Berkshire. It is a little place near the borders of
touch -      passing, or tackling, or dribbling, there's no one to touch him; and
street -      "If you can call upon me at my Baker Street rooms to-morrow morning
well -      "I was going to propose it, Mr. Holmes; but I thought it well to put
america -      Baden and South America. I am as sure of that as that my own name is
farewell -      "Farewell, then," said the old man solemnly. "Your own deathbeds,
worth -      "Well, it depends upon what you think worth reporting."
old -      The old farmer followed them to the door.
london -      London growler is considerably less wide than a gentleman's brougham.
pan -      said he, 'that is just what you will do if things pan out as I
stair -      He led me out to the head of the stair. "This unexpected occurrence,"
prendergast -      "I have heard of you, Mr. Holmes. I heard from Major Prendergast how
stand -      and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. This stone
piece -      wanted to see if the missing piece were at the scene of the struggle.
how -      know how I am placed. But you shall know, Victor. I'll see that you
read -      permission I will read it to you. Listen to this, Mr. Holmes. The
market -      London market. You can imagine our amazement. I spent months in
stapleton -      Stapleton was rushing with extraordinary energy and speed in pursuit
catch -      he may have been hurrying down to catch the last train from Waterloo
height -      but it would seem the height of selfishness if he were to stand in
more -      nothing in the house more precious to her than what we are in quest
common -      business to hunt down some of Moriarty's checks lately--just common
dunbar -      "Then came Miss Grace Dunbar. She answered our advertisement and
weald -      The address was "The Three Gables, Harrow Weald."
yonder -      lodge gate yonder, but I thought nothing of it at the time. It was
twenty -      twenty minutes past one. His suspicions being aroused, the sergeant
well -      Moriarty, all would have been well.  But he was too wily for that.
charing -      between the Grand Hotel and Charing Cross Station, where a one-legged
armitage -      marriage. His name is Armitage--Percy Armitage--the second son of Mr.
station -      we had consumed some hot tea at the station, and taken our places in
close -      confidence in the case, I knew that he was in close touch with every
middle -      About the middle of the second day of their flight their scanty store
weeks -      either avoids the place for weeks, or else he works there from
sound -      whence the sound of that shutting door had come? I approached it in a
more -      more terrible, therefore, seemed that glimpse of the prison or the
quick -      set eyes upon him. We can hear that quick step of his pacing up and
fitzroy -      when he understood the relations between Fitzroy and myself."
staunton -      unfortunate absence of the crack International, Godfrey Staunton,
read -      like this tragedy of Ronald Adair. As I read the evidence at the
manor -      the ancient Manor House, from his waistcoat pocket.
coat -      The three of them removed his coat, turned up the sleeve of his right
reach -      my observations. Right in front of us, and almost within our reach,
wells -      tell. For my part I walked ten miles, got a train at Tunbridge Wells,
sudden -      sudden flame of emotion and joy as they rested upon his father.  He
well -      "Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock Holmes,"
river -      enough. There are no rebel dogs on this side of the river.' There was
home -      Monday, the 3rd. My father was absent from home at the time of my
more -      more gloomy details. Let us turn to something brighter. There is the
well -      "Well, it is 7.20 now. Good heavens, Watson, what has become of any
reach -      have no doubt that we shall reach some definite result. Let the
clouds -      bright sun and a few fleecy clouds in the heavens. The trees and
how -      has to do and how to do it. He pushed the table to one side, tore up
steps -      where, we can only take the obvious steps, eat our dinner, and
beach -      The Gables found it dead--down on the beach, sir, at the very place
lady -      "Never mind, my dear lady. You will hear from me, Mr. Cummings. With
deal -      a perfect hell. Of course you know all about it, gentlemen,--a deal
well -      "Well, what if I am?" McMurdo answered in a surly voice.
spring -      down the side of the wall. Then with a light spring he came on to the
hope -      With these words, Jefferson Hope leaned back in his chair and began
mortimer -      "No one could have known. We only decided after I met Dr. Mortimer."
stock -      was just as you say. A Stock Exchange debt had to be paid. I needed
more -      the fire as we entered. His age may not have been more than three or
street -      there, pushed her out into the street. Filled with the most maddening
well -      "Well, how do you explain it?"
station -      It was impossible for us, therefore, to station a strong guard at
more -      quick wit and a ready smile. And yet the man who studied him more
sudden -      that the effect could be so sudden and so severe." He dashed into the
wall -      the ivy on the wall.
more -      one which had become even more vital to him, in which he lost it.
point -      "Did you point out to her that you and Mr. Phelps, who started at
philadelphia -      to Philadelphia. Mr. Rucastle told me in private that the reason why
how -      "How can I tell you where it is now? It's more than a year since I
sussex -      and took a small estate in Sussex, near Horsham. He had made a very
rose -      and in the streets rose the same hum of human industry. Down the
well -      "But you know him well, Watson. He is such an inscrutable fellow that
star -      of the Lone Star.
walls -      high walls of clipped hedge, with a narrow band of grass upon either
morton -      There were footfalls outside, the door opened, and Inspector Morton
high -      two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire. Then fourteen miles
haven -      "And the police haven't; nor will they, to the best of my belief.
central -      Central Press Syndicate.
way -      these things in a different way."
rise -      low. Let us see in the future how high you can rise."
fitzroy -      that Fitzroy Simpson was the true culprit, although, of course, I saw
welbeck -      Bentinck Street on to the Welbeck Street crossing a two-horse van
way -      however, is, I fancy, of a different way of thinking, and holds to
city -      vicinity of a great city could there be so quick a succession of
old -      The old man is dead.
border -      grass border which lines the path, and that he had done so in order
north -      "Very hard. You see, for example, this great plain to the north here
more -      too, and I answered him rather more hotly than I should perhaps,
moat -      dumb-bell, which you have just raised from the bottom of the moat."
manor -      visitor at the Manor House. He was the more noticed as being the only
city -      I a foolish girl of twenty when we married. It was in a city of
town -      amusement when I come to town, so I spent it at the Museum of the
how -      "How do you know that? You can't tell what may happen. Anyway, my
countess -      casket in which, as it afterwards transpired, the Countess was
way -      "It was a prosaic way of forming a friendship, but it was effective.
old -      gale and the creaking of an old house, I may possibly have been
read -      barrel. No, as I read it, there is something which you do not know
how -      some curiosity to see how he would cover his disgrace. On the third
wooden -      chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stands
moor -      told, since ladies of any sort must be few upon the moor, and I
water -      upon this metal floor. There are small lateral columns of water
heights -      building was seventy-four feet, but on adding together the heights of
cunningham -      murderer rushed across the garden and over the hedge. Mr. Cunningham,
chesterfield -      Mr. Reuben Hayes was arrested at Chesterfield on my information at
white -      "Here is the old man," said he, holding out a heap of white hair.
north -      Verds were about five hundred miles to the north of us, and the
field -      "So we have contracted our field of search to a large book, printed
more -      I am relieved. But I think none of you should go until we see more
hilton -      interview with Mr. Hilton Cubitt he was able to give me two other
wall -      and my outstretched hand touched a wall from which the paper was
rope -      the price of a hempen rope."
liverpool -      all Liverpool there was no better woman than my Mary. And then we
moor -      "Indeed, sir!" said he, pointing out over the wide-stretching moor.
grey -      faced with silk, black waistcoat, gold Albert chain, and grey Harris
lover -      either a lover or was a previous husband--the chances being in favour
how -      you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not leave you,
read -      "Have you ever read of Jonathan Wild?"
way -      "And you think that they brought you back all that way when you were
well -      which I have alluded are there as well."
moat -      the moat? Is that credible, Mr. Holmes?"
touch -      speak plainly, has a touch of charlatanism in it."
salt -      great salt plain stretched before his eyes, and the distant belt of
east -      There's an east wind coming all the same, such a wind as never blew
way -      worse for drink. He forced his way into the room, where I was sitting
settle -      which should settle the matter. One is to a firm in the City, the
poultney -      Poultney Square. It was opened immediately, and the figure of a tall
rose -      suspicions rose into a fierce bitter flame when I saw that on the
hope -      shown him the truth; but it was clear that I could not hope to
tower -      St. Paul's. It was twilight before we reached the Tower.
how -      uncle's idea. How is the owner going to restore the glories of the
how -      "And how do you propose to prove all this?"
common -      "Hum! There's a flaw there. Let us apply common sense to the matter.
cross -      "Miss Susan Cushing, living at Cross Street, Croydon, has been made
box -      The girl must have waited above. Brunton then unlocked the box,
stand -      fell at Doncaster? Well, I was the only journalist in the stand, and
wish -      drawn my circle, and I only wish I knew at what point upon it the
way -      governess? All our reasoning seems to point that way. At any rate, we
well -      "'Well, it could not be more than five.'
sound -      in Dr. Barnicot's hall, where a sound might arouse the family, the
well -      "There is, but he has other departments to look after as well. He is
box -      of the box."
more -      nothing more suggested itself, I walked back to my house for
quarter -      "You see you begin, 'Whereas, at about a quarter to one on Tuesday
weeks -      three weeks before the fatal event. He chanced to be at his hall
high -      "You will rise high in your profession. You have instinct and
old -      this good old fossil up to Birmingham. That is very clear. I might
way -      into the front room. I give you my word that all the way, the father
real -      "It's all here, Count. The real facts as to the death of old Mrs.
piece -      He held up a piece of white cardboard about the size of a sheet of
stone -      instrument,--a brown, close-grained stick, with a stone head like a
sudden -      that you were a little astonished at my sudden frivolity."
quarter -      him at once. He was on the moor path, about a quarter of a mile off,
oldacre -      man had enemies, but Mr. Oldacre kept himself very much to himself,
forest -      he bought a small place called Woodman's Lee, near Forest Row, in
how -      "How?"
green -      lip.  The long sweep of green water roaring forever down, and the
rooms -      Having left Lestrade at his rooms, we drove to our hotel, where we
laid -      Holmes took a paper from his pocket and laid a ten-pound note upon
wish -      for the rest, I could not wish anything better than to be associated
more -      from London to inquire more deeply into it."
eton -      royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford. His brain is
white -      hue, relieved only by a suspicion of white feather in the side. Her
street -      Street Chapel for the purpose of supplying the poor with cast-off
high -      mullioned windows, and from the high chimneys which rose from the
point -      "'Ah, that is the point. Jump in and we can talk it over while we
common -      stones was a common chance in the spring-time at that spot.  He said
read -      "Now read the postscript."
dollar -      dollar notes, "and as much more when he has seen all my papers."
horn -      through large horn glasses. A moment later we were actually in his
openshaw -      Openshaw's."
way -      with great interest. He then led the way inside and went over the
more -      send them. Nothing could be more conclusive. Mrs. Browner's house had
street -      "Is that Eduardo Lucas of Godolphin Street?"
water -      Ain't there no water, nor nothing to eat?"
how -      "How do you get at that?"
liverpool -      Liverpool. I am sure that we can find some shorter cut to a result."
halfway -      that one window halfway along it threw a patch of light. I could see
rock -      over the brink I saw him fall for a long way. Then he struck a rock,
shaw -      had a ramble through the Ragged Shaw. Now, Watson, there is cocoa
horner -      just as it happened, sir," said he. "When Horner had been arrested,
highway -      important highway, and there are usually people there. This man,
old -      from London when he was young, and he wanted to do the old town a
east -      farthest east of the City. Hitherto his orgies had always been
british -      conventional British respectability, and the very man as a witness to
way -      "Quite so, madam," said Holmes in his soothing way. "I have no doubt
well -      "'Well, what then?' he asked.
well -      "Well, Watson, there is this to be said for your theory. Ronder was a
west -      west. The roadway was blocked with the immense stream of commerce
way -      they must either kill her or else secure her in such a way that she
lady -      that plump lady blocking up the open door of her humble but retired
well -      he. "It will be harder to read now than that palimpsest. Well, well,
lady -      foot-path over the fields. There it is, where the lady is walking."
how -      "'Right again. How did you know it?  Is my nose knocked a little out
point -      "Unfortunately, the path was tiled at that point."
costa -      He married Beryl Garcia, one of the beauties of Costa Rica, and,
well -      of dinner before we need go. Well, then, about that chasm. I had no
old -      "My dear Watson, if her poor old broken father cannot move her, how
wooden -      "And he is a man with a wooden leg?"
chalk -      of chalk cliffs, which can only be descended by a single, long,
more -      Once more, however, my friend was destined to be disappointed. He
glass -      exchange twopence, a glass of half and half, two fills of shag
way -      "Well, last Monday evening I was taking a stroll down that way, when
more -      more thinking out than I am able to give it."
how -      way. That is how I read the matter."
mortimer -      Mortimer. "My wife is expecting me."
dull -      campaign throbbed with dull persistence. With my body in one
sea -      the famous admiral of that name who commanded the Sea of Azof fleet
more -      saw him in full light his appearance was even more abnormal."
river -      the river, which I shall ever associate with our pursuit of the
way -      had helped justice, instead of thwarting it in this way, you would
lady -      bowed coldly, and motioned the lady to a chair.
well -      chief Greek interpreter in London, and my name is very well known in
pit -      into the air. "Oh, if I could only pull him into the pit where he has
law -      Garrideb, Counsellor at Law. He is none other than 'Killer' Evans, of
well -      "Well, maybe so," said the millionaire, though for a moment the
mortimer -      of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read
sutton -      "Then Blessington must have been Sutton."
oath -      "That will do," said he, with an oath.
stoop -      who was a thin, dark, spectacled man, with a stoop which gave the
well -      "That is true," said Sir Henry. "Well, Barrymore--"
how -      "I cannot think how I came to overlook it," said the Inspector, with
moat -      "These shoes," it ran, "were dug up in the moat of Holdernesse Hall.
more -      become more complicated. But I will tell you all and you shall judge
pocket -      the ancient Manor House, from his waistcoat pocket.
station -      changed their plans so far as to report themselves at a station upon
wood -      "It had been used for the storage of wood, but the billets, which had
woking -      Speckled Band. There was a church-clock down at Woking which struck
north -      We turn to the country on the north. Here there lies a grove of
central -      no difficulty in finding her rooms, which were central and well
mason -      welcome us. White Mason was a quiet, comfortable-looking person in a
more -      me see you once more in the customary armchair. You have not, I hope,
station -      It was nearly midnight before we took our station among some bushes
west -      camp.  The house stands in its own grounds, but the west side of it
walls -      safe within the walls at Agra.
deal -      betting, but a good deal of outside betting goes on among the public,
worth -      affair. The only men worth considering are Adolph Mayer, of 13 Great
coat -      sleeves and fronts of his double-breasted coat, while the deep blue
musgrave -      these cases was that of the Musgrave Ritual, and it is to the
height -      such an oven as the Andamans. His height is readily calculated from
steps -      steps leading down to a black gap like the mouth of a cave, I found
trumpington -      Trumpington. But at last there came a terrible blow in the shape of
well -      however improbable, must be the truth. It may well be that several
street -      half a dozen of the dirtiest and most ragged street Arabs that ever I
field -      powers, doctor, when one has no field upon which to exert them? Crime
bridge -      London Bridge, which would be his route to Woolwich."
london -      which had occurred in London the night before, when my friend gave an
more -      don't want no more talk about that affair of Masser Perkins. S'pose I
town -      clue of the matter lies probably here in town."
moor -      A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay
horner -      Bradstreet, B division, gave evidence as to the arrest of Horner, who
more -      more than this when you first spoke to me, why should you not wish
hope -      not wish to be pestered by the police. They could not hope to sell
flat -      stretches the great flat plain-land, all dusted over with patches of
bristol -      "I wired to Bristol for it last night." He put his hand over part of
edge -      "This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge
how -      how it looked. Our milkman got a glimpse of her once peeping out of
well -      "Well, I must confess to it."
strode -      the twisted poker into the fireplace he strode out of the room.
true -      I was ready to devote my life to the one object. True, if I found it
close -      "'You are close to the King's Pyland training-stables,' said she.
read -      Underneath the vigorous head-lines which our client had quoted I read
box -      that it left the box."
bohemia -                A Scandal in Bohemia
reading -      "Very interesting reading it might be made, too," remarked Sherlock
coat -      in an old black frock coat, which with his soft felt hat and ragged,
high -      woods upon their flanks, the high, bare crowns of the mountains,
worth -      "Well, well, it was worth thinking over. Then there is another
stone -      meantime spare no pains, Mr. Detective! I beg you to leave no stone
white -      swirl of white foam behind her spoke of the pace at which she was
musgrave -      peculiar to our family, which each Musgrave for centuries past has
way -      could not in any way affect him. He had played nearly every day at
wood -      him on the moor, and that if he would come back into the wood at
read -      upon the moor." He spoke with a smile, but I seemed to read in his
douglas -      "No. I heard Mrs. Douglas coming down the stair behind me, and I
more -      of considerably more value than if it were made of solid gold. That,
heads -      had perched himself four years before. They stood with their heads
point -      as a point of honour, to refrain from doing so, and not to break in
how -      that, do you? How the devil should I be able to tell you where it
moor -      and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor."
well -      "The man who wrote it was presumably well to do," I remarked,
more -      "Mr. Blessington seemed more excited over the matter than I should
county -      let the county police know what has happened."
true -      "'Quite true.'
forth -      in hurried words and with much excitable gesticulation poured forth
old -      by a strange, wizened, rusty-coated old manservant, who seemed in
law -      leading citizens, to help us in upholding law and order in this
trough -      of a large iron trough, and when I came to examine it I could see a
hope -      "I examined the ground carefully in the hope of finding it," said the
way -      was a pond in the park, and to this my friend led the way. It was
point -      a collector is always standing. This point seems absolutely certain."
pocket -      taken from Woolwich. There were seven in the pocket of Cadogan West.
london -      the university and were echoed in the learned societies of London.
more -      envelope, however, in a more educated hand and bearing the Austrian
moor -      merged into the russet slopes of the moor.
steps -      a dim memory of slowly ascending the steps, entering a wide-opened
old -      special pride of the lady of Shoscombe Old Place."
close -      bearded face, saw us close to him, and pulled up, springing from his
stream -      any wharf on either side of the stream between here and Greenwich.
how -      Then in an instant it was all clear to me. I remembered how the
street -      hundred yards ahead of us in the direction of Oxford Street.
read -      Holmes had read carefully a note which the last post had brought him.
shop -      shop of Morse Hudson, who has a place for the sale of pictures and
london -      what with our pace, the fog, and my own limited knowledge of London,
grosvenor -      Grosvenor Hotel in London.  At his advice, on the afternoon of the
quick -      had hardly got started with the work, however, when his quick ears
more -      little more, I might not have been a wiser man.
merton -      your estimable partner. Good day, Mr. Merton. Rather dull in the
more -      "Go on, Mr. Mason. You get more and more interesting."
lady -      These papers," he continued as the old lady vanished, "are not of
valley -      valley! See the cloud of a hundred chimneys that overshadows it! I
well -      They could talk English pretty well, but I could get little out of
pocket -      I to listen. Holmes drew a note from his pocket and read it aloud:
box -      attic, in one hand, and a small brass box, like a cashbox, in the
well -      to--well, perhaps it is hardly fair to tell the name until to-morrow
barking -      "I was awakened in the night by the dog barking most furiously. Poor
rise -      superstition has given rise. There is no reason whatever to suspect
how -      and never let you see how they do them. That's just inspiration: not
read -      would have read little hope for Birdy Edwards in those hard mouths
stream -      depth, round the whole house. A small stream fed it and continued
bath -      Both Holmes and I had a weakness for the Turkish bath. It was over a
how -      "Then how is it that you did not go?"
park -      and a cellar, when it was used at all. A splendid park with fine old
way -      "Nothing out of the way."
lady -      with the lady in her early life, a combination which contained two
cliff -      behind me. Most of the pool was quite shallow, but under the cliff
oaken -      the oaken chair which stands at the head of the dining-room table. I
kettle -      commissionaire fast asleep in his box, with the kettle boiling
more -      somehow he impressed me with fear more than the other.
wall -      "we can scale the garden wall in this direction."
worth -      and it is possible that it might be worth someone's while to get at a
way -      out of the way. We have no proof that the person who came back was
start -      to discuss. Let that suffice until half-past nine, when we start upon
rose -      Sherlock Holmes rose and lit his pipe. "No doubt you think that you
main -      "We must get on the main scent again, I suppose."
read -      "Well, I know nothing about them. It's only what I have read."
well -      "You may well say so. And yet there were one or two points which
lady -      lady had been quite willing to undergo the wedding ceremony, the
quarter -      that particular quarter, the monotonous brick streets, the weary
wish -      "I wish you particularly to notice these footmarks," he said. "Do you
village -      through some admirable Surrey scenery to a pretty little village
sussex -                        THE ADVENTURE OF THE SUSSEX VAMPIRE
streatham -      We had traversed Streatham, Brixton, Camberwell, and now found
well -      his personal friend as well as his medical attendant. He was a
mere -      the voice in which she greeted her. She was clearly no mere paid
oakshott -      "But Sir Leslie Oakshott?"
wall -      he is gone, he is gone!" She fell back against the wall with shriek
stout -      did not pass out that way. His window was open, and there is a stout
town -      far less oppressive in Croydon than in town. Holmes had sent on a
more -      "Perhaps this will make it more definite, Mr. Holmes," said our
middle -      been a very beautiful girl, though now verging upon middle age. Her
moorlands -      moorlands. Everything was now in an uproar, some calling for their
london -      London slavey. As to your practice, if a gentleman walks into my
scott -      "James H. Scott."
more -      "It is unfortunately more than possible; it is certain. Neither you
village -      village of Fulworth lies in a hollow curving in a semicircle round
began -      Rucastle, walking up and down on the other side of the room, began to
more -      to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the lane. I
well -      "Well, what do you want?" she asked sharply, peering at us through
water -      watch him from over the water."
city -      "The city of Agra is a great place, swarming with fanatics and fierce
white -      White Mason gazed at my friend as the little village practitioner
lodge -      charge of by Treasurer Higgins of this lodge, whose address you know.
hope -      led me to the irresistible conclusion that Jefferson Hope was to be
way -      and ran in this way:--
hound -      "A hound it was," he said, at last, "but it seemed to come from miles
lady -      My friend took the lady's ungloved hand and examined it with as close
hound -      hound. We heard it; but we could not prove that it was running upon
town -      "I am one of the Eminent Order of Freemen. There's no town without a
way -      sudden way. No, I must prepare you by showing you how we all stand to
blackheath -      frock-coat, "must, as I said, be in the direction of Blackheath."
began -      train began to glide down the platform. "Bear in mind, Sir Henry, one
more -      could see, was more in your line than in that of the regular police."
moorland -      giant boulders. Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and
how -      "How was it that no one else saw it?"
shelf -      He took a bottle of champagne down from the shelf and twisted out the
strand -      some time at a private hotel in the Strand, leading a comfortless,
eccles -      "Pray sit down, Mr. Scott Eccles," said Holmes in a soothing voice.
way -      slowly back the way that he had come, his head hanging, the very
white -      look of it--the great staring goggle eyes, and the line of white
law -      Law, was a short, powerful man with the round, fresh, clean-shaven
high -      Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voice which rose high above
laid -      was laid out. Afterwards Mr. Jonas Oldacre led me into his bedroom,
county -      county jail. The boy who takes this note could no doubt forward your
scotland -      should not leave the country. Scotland Yard feels lonely without me,
wood -      the other side of the street.  Good-bye, Wood.  I want to learn if
sudden -      distracted with fear to be of any assistance to him.  A sudden
way -      in a kindly way, but she had it in both hers in an instant, and they
court -      referred to a higher court. So had the Quarter Sessions, at which he
spring -      Darkly the shadow lay upon the Valley of Fear. The spring had come
court -      his assault was not viewed very gravely by the Court, since Woodley
winchester -      flashed across my mind in the cell at Winchester, but one drawback of
tore -      which tore him away in such a fashion, and the same necessity is
moorland -      two moorland farm-houses, High Tor and Foulmire. Then fourteen miles
dunbar -      "Curious, Miss Dunbar, very curious. Why should it appear at the very
water -      water which I quietly poured out for her from a Venetian carafe upon
woodley -      "There was this dreadful man, Woodley, if you can call him an
mere -      her that it was not the mere fright of a man who is startled.
way -      "My way ran down a dried-up watercourse, which we hoped would screen
hope -      "Yes, Mr. Holmes; Cyril Morton, an electrical engineer, and we hope
reach -      possible danger could reach me. For his own part, he wished to be
home -      picture of an old family home? To think that this should be the same
how -      don't see how I can refuse you an interview with him."
more -      even more ghastly turn. I fancy that, even as it is, Jonathan Small
way -      "By the way, a propos of this Norwood business, you see that they
box -      day there arrived through the post a small card-board box addressed
well -      others were late as well as we. Ten minutes after the hour the hearse
woolwich -      "There we have it at last, Watson! British government--Woolwich.
how -      "Then how in the name of all that is wonderful did you get these
greet -      companion rose to greet her, "but I have had a very strange
high -      It was a very large and high chamber, with carved oak ceiling, oaken
lock -      thrust in, and the lock forced back with it. We could see the marks
rose -      always use them to advantage. What a lovely thing a rose is!"
stapleton -      with Mrs. Stapleton, and the case has now been so entirely cleared up
thames -      stretching down to the Thames. As we reached it the fog was lifting,
headland -      house, which stood high upon a grassy headland, we looked down upon
old -      The old hall, oak-panelled and high-windowed, had been turned into a
settle -      things I desire to settle the matter quietly and discreetly."
well -      "Well, when they closed their League offices that was a sign that
southampton -      and on the fourth a field which slopes down to the Southampton
twenty -      to be locked up for twenty years. So is Sam Merton. What good are you
hamlet -      the right of it. This small clump of buildings here is the hamlet of
dunbar -      "You've not seen Miss Dunbar. She is a wonderful fine woman in every
piece -      collecting other people's news, and now that a real piece of news has
douglas -      "Yes, yes! I admit it. He was a dear boy, Douglas, but it so chanced
well -      English perfectly well. His reasons for destroying the busts were
well -      "No, indeed," said Holmes, heartily, springing to his feet. "Well,
moss -      side, heavy with dripping moss and fleshy hart's-tongue ferns.
village -      sent an agent to the most impossible village I could think of, and
water -      Stile, Mary," and "On the Banks of Allan Water."
more -      and a more critical eye, I can see that she was rare and wonderful in
frame -      frame, he stumbled slowly from the room.
gang -      fellows were in very truth a dangerous gang of murderers, whose minds
old -      baronet had told me that he had handed his old wardrobe to Barrymore.
mark -      that one at least of his assailants must bear his mark upon him.
avenue -      "Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. John's Wood."
well -      in which my friend had forced back the catch.  "Well, I think that
well -      "Yes, I am not very well," answered the other, making obvious efforts
sound -      housemaid.  You will remember that on hearing the sound of the
lane -      My observations of No. 427, Park Lane did little to clear up the
banks -      branch of one of the principal London banks. Mr. Merryweather is the
sydenham -      the Sydenham end of the road of that name. He has had the reputation
carey -      and yet Peter Carey was fully dressed, suggested that he had an
middle -      middle age, and endowed with every beauty of body and of mind, was
well -      "Well, well, my dear fellow, be it so. We have shared the same room
hope -      Honourable Trelawney Hope will suffer no set-back in his brilliant
way -      neighbor, without my appearing to be in any way connected with her. I
spring -      free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street,
douglas -      Mr. Douglas under this roof."
coat -      "Now for Mr. Breckinridge," he continued, buttoning up his coat as we
close -      New York, and I've been close to him for a week in London, waiting
well -      this erratic fashion! A planet might as well leave its orbit. By the
well -      The cabman scratched his head. "Well, he wasn't altogether such an
eye -      never seen so suspicious and questioning an eye.
read -      while he had been absorbed with the first. This he began to read with
derby -      win the Derby, the sporting owner did net eighty thousand pounds in
old -      it comes to knocking my old man about--"
church -      factory. Then I am your elder, and am higher in the Church."
more -      At the head of the column there rode a score or more of grave
steps -      "What steps have you taken?"
church -      spirited away before now, and their goods given over to the Church.
how -      are known. The organization is patent and public. How long are we to
lover -      athlete, a plunger on the turf, a lover of fair ladies, and, by all
moor -      scattered points extends the desolate, lifeless moor. This, then, is
hound -      his hound, to treat it with his infernal paint, and to bring the
well -      finished and all is well. As to you, Mr. Holmes, we can only say we
edge -      edge of the trees and the reeds which lined the lake. Lestrade showed
lady -      "I will not impose any further tax upon Lady Brackenstall's patience
douglas -      with Douglas ever since he took the Manor House five years ago. He
stapleton -      outside of his grounds at night. Several times Stapleton lurked about
way -      on a good many facts, some of them new ones, and yet I seem some way
plains -      waggon when we was on the Plains."
hope -      You hope to place me in the dock.  I tell you that I will never stand
stepney -      by Gelder & Co., of Stepney. You will remember, Lestrade, the
pocket -      especially as it would not shut in his pocket."
how -      "Through the skylight. We shall soon see how he managed it." He swung
way -      one day upon their way. I must compliment you exceedingly upon the
more -      more innocent interpretation. Come, Watson, let us go across
wish -      tell your employer, Lord Mount-James, that I do not wish to have
ross -      Ross with John Cobb, the groom. Shortly after my return I heard the
lyons -      Lyons, and it is probable that you will very shortly hear from us
true -      to be true, it was immediately after Mr. Mortimer Tregennis had left
west -      and west past the school, and you see also that there is no side road
well -      everything promised well. Mr. Carruthers was very kind and very
white -      should strike you--" White Mason looked doubtfully at the amateur.
more -      "Yes, sir, a brown, monkey-faced chap that's called more'n once for
weeks -      of fact, seven weeks elapsed. I think that those seven weeks
street -      business in Oxford Street.  As I passed the corner which leads from
old -      He looked about him in the slow methodical fashion of old age.
well -      "Well, then, I must make some suggestions to you. When you sat down
more -      just such a way, and nothing would be more trying to the temper."
hole -      be turned towards the hole in the ceiling if the man were erect in
more -      mind, would I not then have found something more definite to go upon?
wall -      water? Put the straw on the floor here, free from the wall on either
march -      1882). 'Do We Progress?' (Journal of Psychology, March, 1883).
hope -      would have read little hope for Birdy Edwards in those hard mouths
salt -      certainly not rough salt. I repeat that there is no practical joke
east -      possibilities, in the East, Watson." He paused after each sentence to
how -      the last. The could bury her with no sign of how she met her end, and
wing -      "Please await me. Terrible misfortune. Right wing three-quarter
station -      seen on the country roads or at the railway station. We have heard of
lodge -      the Bodymaster of a lodge of Freemen to give to a stranger brother."
ashes -      small, unburned margins which lay amid the ashes were of this
began -      pattered down upon his plate. I began to laugh at this, but the laugh
oxford -      British Minister to Persia. Educated Eton and Oxford. Served in
how -      thought I'd dodge your British law; for I was not sure how I stood
lodge -      in Wisteria Lodge in time to avail himself of an alibi, which would
emsworth -      What is all this mystery? What has become of Godfrey Emsworth?'
sound -      "Suddenly, without any preliminary sound in the midst of the utter
field -      side of the field which faces us, and except those there were no
city -      that is evil and of nearly all that is undetected in this great city.
wall -      was a mews in a lane which runs down by one wall of the garden. I
tavistock -      not a stranger to the district. He has twice lodged at Tavistock in
more -      day on the Surrey border has not been much more profitable than your
drawbridge -      right, and the drawbridge was not only capable of being raised, but
stand -      and his great bright eyes looking at me I could stand no more of it.
tongue -      tongue sometimes, and that for the last two nights she had heard him
lake -      Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea
well -      afternoon I cannot give you the reasons for them as well. I will take
hound -      "Such is the tale, my sons, of the coming of the hound which is said
pentonville -      just been serving his time in Pentonville. One day he had met me, and
how -      "That depends on how it turns out."
read -      he was dead before he fell.  I read death on his face as plain as I
wall -      dashed savagely against the garden wall, under which its splintered
charing -      "Exactly, Mr. Holmes. We picked up the scent at Charing Cross
hayes -      that the man died of his injuries. Hayes brought Arthur to his
cliff -      "I was walking on the cliff when I heard his cry. He was at the edge
well -      "I wanted to be sure that all was well with you, Godfrey. I saw you
sea -      Peter Carey was master of the Sea Unicorn, and I was spare harpooner.
hope -      for me to hope for, or to desire.
letters -      "Having once recognised, however, that the symbols stood for letters,
pocket -      inside pocket. "I have been expecting you to do something original.
lancaster -      furnished house at Lancaster Gate which has been taken by Mr.
way -      way. That is how I read the matter."
pocket -      carrying away in his pocket some examples of the false money, so
well -      "Well, can you help us do so?"
old -      feeble old woman was able to get out of the cab while it was in
close -      your rooms was to close your shutters, and that I have been compelled
steps -      paced with light, swift steps about the room; he sat in the various
turn -      Next moment I saw them spring apart and turn hurriedly round.
mortimer -      When Mortimer told me your name he could not deny your identity. If
worth -      doctor has certainly played the game for all it is worth, and one
gloucester -      Gloucester. She always comes to us when she is in town."
moor -      moor. You understand me? I am sure that you are the last man in the
twenty -      not have been much above twenty years of age. I have never seen any
stand -      stationed him as a sentry over the launch. He is to stand at water's
way -      in any way concerned in the matter. He and the housekeeper, Mrs.
street -      ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force,
pocket -      imagined that I had left my own there, but on feeling in my pocket I
loose -      experience. She was enveloped in a loose dressing-gown of blue and
well -      "Well, possibly so."
mortimer -      Mortimer Tregennis explained that the night was cold and damp. For
lady -      I am going far to screen you, Lady Hilda. In return you will spend
village -      may. Whether I have the shelter of your roof or of the village inn
old -      would find the old gentleman waiting. The dog, incited by its master,
moor -      suit and cloth cap he looked like any other tourist upon the moor,
wish -      "There was one other thing I wish to tell you, Mr. Holmes. I have the
more -      of the eighteenth century. It was an hour or more before Holmes came
forth -      in his deep chair, his pipe curling forth slow wreaths of acrid
close -      As he held the waxen print close to the blood-stain it did not take a
more -      some little time. Sitting in the billiard-room I more than once heard
mere -      have had a mere pittance, while even one of them would cripple him to
stream -      the stream. Every two hours the officer of the night used to come
hammersmith -      Hammersmith wonder. Hullo! Hullo! Good old index. You can't beat it.
moor -      this walk there is a gate which leads out on to the moor. There were
waterloo -      night-club in the Waterloo Road in January, 1895. Man died, but he
mortimer -      Mortimer was shown up, followed by the young baronet. The latter was
county -      there are few in that county that would have the nerve to go near it
read -      "You appeared to read a good deal upon her which was quite invisible
point -      obvious point which would, in any case, have turned my suspicions
point -      point it may be noted," he continued, fingering the rope, "that our
northumberland -      else could it be known so quickly that it was the Northumberland
arrow -      fitting a flint-tipped arrow on to the string of his bow, you would
how -      "Quite so! How could he?"
amberley -      played chess with Amberley, and probably played the fool with his
lady -      diplomatist who is in such evil case, and the lady to whom he
douglas -      Mrs. Douglas this morning:--
more -      even say refined, tastes, and there is nothing more unaesthetic than
old -      to play in my life. The old man evidently thought that his son was
box -      towards us with is back very bent, and something like a box slung
wells -      since the day before, when he had been at Tunbridge Wells. It was at
high -      The building was of grey, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central
wood -      Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood
oxshott -      than a mile or two from Oxshott, since Garcia was walking in that
true -      suggest the true solution, and that I blame myself for not having
home -      young imp; for if your father comes home and finds you like that,
street -      old quarters in Baker Street. A young doctor, named Verner, had
point -      presence, which was the vital point of the whole scheme. Knowing his
more -      taking a seat beside her. "I think that it is more than probable--"
cross -      A shade of anxiety seemed to me to cross my companion's expressive
water -      The Boscombe Pool, which is a little reed-girt sheet of water some
well -      "Yes, I have underrated your intelligence. Well, good-afternoon!"
hope -      gone, then, and this was all his epitaph. Jefferson Hope looked
tore -      him. Mr. Carruthers came in and tore him off from me, on which he
harker -      Horace Harker is a customer of ours. We supplied him with the bust
well -      "Well, really, when I consider that she has turned her back--I will
well -      "Well, it is quite possible; but the case is not clear to me yet."
point -      on such a point. As to the knife, it might well be thrown far from
eye -      dining-room. Now I met her appealing gaze with an unresponsive eye.
lodge -      "Brother Scanlan of Lodge 341, Vermissa. I drink your health
piece -      I came upon what I expected. One piece, about three feet in length,
well -      to Colonel Ross as well as to myself, as we listened to our
well -      "Well, that's all we could reasonably expect to get from Morse
worth -      you, Mr. Holmes, for what it is worth. There is no doubt that my wife
chalk -      There was clay or soft marl mixed with the chalk, and every here and
yonder -      "'I am your neighbor over yonder,' said I, nodding towards my house.
well -      "Well, we never thought of that."
read -      when he was at college; for having read De Quincey's description of
lock -      just burst open the door--the lock has been forced--when William came
rooms -      these rooms without the knowledge of your stepfather?"
baldwin -      "The clouds are heavy," answered Baldwin.
sea -      above the sea level, and the air was bitter and keen. Having tethered
well -      "Well, it's only a reasonable walk to Chatham. Anyone might stay
whitney -      why should she come at all? I was Isa Whitney's medical adviser, and
more -      summit, and I should be prepared to turn to some more placid line in
fence -      the garden fence, but now he sprang briskly to his feet and walked
real -      from the office. But it is a real crisis. I have never seen the Prime
bay -      the bay. The two famous Germans stood beside the stone parapet of the
hole -      The other dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth
well -      well for you to laugh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes. You may be very smart and
white -      "We were dashing along the smooth white country road, with the long
heath -      between Charlington Heath upon one side and the woods which lie round
stones -      kept by him in the vaults of his palace, but the most precious stones
county -      and called for the weekly county paper, which contained a verbatim
adelaide -      "You are Henry Peters, of Adelaide, late the Rev. Dr. Shlessinger, of
old -      old. But it wasn't there before. That I'll swear, and so will
london -      "When I returned to London I called upon the milliner, who had
street -      it by registered post to Baker Street."
quick -      quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as
how -      terrible Boss was upon him. But his sullen face showed how little the
law -      is no law, I fear, that can touch the scoundrel."
link -      admiration. "It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true."
horner -      Horner in the dock for a crime of which he knew nothing."
stone -      the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the
way -      way."
began -      down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a
began -      as well as I, for it was hardly six before he began to talk with the
steps -      "I will do so, and I will show you the steps by which I reached it.
oxford -      crossed Oxford Street and were half way down Harley Street before I
deal -      was very weak, but I have had a good deal to go through."
tone -      "This may be very interesting," said Lestrade, in the injured tone of
london -      here. It is a hobby of mine to have an exact knowledge of London.
field -      four on the field!"
west -      station master in the west of England. His chair is worth seven
old -      old woman has nothing to do with it, and come down to the other end
law -      abhor. The law is upon his side, and every day I am faced by the
frame -      "You see, Lord Cantlemere, we can no doubt frame a case against the
deal -      given against the prisoner, the magistrate refused to deal summarily
church -      "Oh, yes. It is impossible to exclude them when the church is open."
montpellier -      Leturier in Montpellier, will occur at once to any toxicologist.
moor -      he came panting up to where I stood. "Here on the moor we are homely
start -      face in that direction. I saw him start, and he was evidently as
how -      person. We are at a loss as to how he came into the empty house;
coat -      on to the skirt of his coat, and said nothing but looked all round
well -      "Well, if a man can stride four and a-half feet without the smallest
court -      not possibly, on the evidence, have held them for a higher court. On
eccles -      "We wish a statement, Mr. Scott Eccles, as to the events which let up
sea -      the car Holmes pointed back to the moonlit sea and shook a thoughtful
emsworth -      Emsworth had joined the same squadron. He was Colonel Emsworth's only
real -      threatened by a very real and imminent danger. How do you go back?"
chesterfield -      Chesterfield high road. There is a church there, you see, a few
brook -      were to start you in Brook Street?'
station -      the station if I had not felt that it might be playing his game for
hope -      sudden death of the man Hope, who was suspected of the murder of Mr.
spring -      loud, sharp click, as if a spring or bolt had fallen into its place.
laid -      Sherlock Holmes picked them up one by one, and laid them along the
close -      point close to the station, where the line emerges from the tunnel in
tore -      check, which he tore from the book, but he refrained from handing it
north -      to North Walsham to-night?"
rooms -      will be at your rooms by ten o'clock.
main -      reedy pool, constricted in the centre where the main carriage drive
pocket -      pocket."
way -      "My opinion is in no way altered."
street -      clients who crossed our humble threshold in Baker Street. Holmes,
march -      improvement which the march of civilization demands. Here, too, is my
london -      the fact of the human agency in London, the man in the cab, and the
sheet -      appears to be a fragment torn from a larger sheet. You will observe
how -      "If this man was murdered, how was it done?" asked the former.
weeks -      had been the two weeks before. He always kept so far from me that I
wilson -      he. "And now, Mr. Wilson, off you go at scratch and tell us all about
deal -      "A good deal, Mr. Holmes. I have several fresh dancing men pictures
london -      "I have a good mind to go to London with you," said the baronet. "Why
marsham -      "Abbey Grange, Marsham, Kent,
stapleton -      I knew already that Sir Charles Baskerville had made Stapleton his
well -      "Well, his position is unique. He has made it for himself. There has
moorhouse -      do? That's what I ask you, Mr. Holmes. There's Moorhouse, first
close -      see that I am weaving my web round Thaddeus. The net begins to close
well -      "Well, he's that strange, sir. After you was gone he walked and he
moor -      moor. If that were so, and it seems most probable, only a man who had
weeks -      "Eight weeks passed away like this, and I had written about Abbots
barnes -      gave it a few days ago to old Barnes, what keeps the Green Dragon,
edge -      We continued our systematic survey of the edge of the sodden portion
stand -      frightened! My nerves cannot stand it." He was, indeed, half
mark -      the hand type, leaves a similar mark, but only on the left arm, and
white -      black mare, dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle
cotton -      with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great
butt -      upon the butt of my revolver and, walking swiftly up to the door, I
true -      "No doubt that is true. And yet they drank some wine, I understand."
old -      wood-pile besides your old trousers? A dead dog, or rabbits, or what?
lady -      almoner upon several occasions, so the lady's statement bore the
bangor -      Carston Castle, Bangor, Wales. Lord of the Admiralty, 1872; Chief
law -      brought us together. I was in the law at Topeka, and one day I had a
way -      deep organizing power which forever stands in the way of the law, and
high -      most popular of the brethren, marked already for advancement and high
stand -      he, poor devil, will have to stand the racket, and lucky if he gets
laid -      he brought into my room, where he laid it out on the bed, and, having
law -      life was in my hands. If he gave me to the law I could give him to
musgrave -      adventure of the Musgrave Ritual."
america -      from South America. Like most lonely ladies, Lady Frances found her
how -      of this preposterous company. Do you not see how very suggestive that
dundee -      commanded the steam sealer Sea Unicorn, of Dundee. He had then had
more -      now, that never yet have we helped to hunt down a more dangerous man
well -      "Other people can observe as well as you. Yesterday there was an old
read -      "Do you mean to say that you read my train of thoughts from my
home -      "Is he at home at present?"
true -      "It is true," Holmes answered. "Up to a certain point he did well. He
how -      "How many? I don't know."
london -      are not many in London which charge at that rate. In the second one
old -      My house is lonely. I, my old housekeeper, and my bees have the
underwood -      "Well, I went to Underwood, and asked him if he had sold a hat of
castle -      upon the ruins of the feudal castle.
more -      the more sensitive organism, was killed, the others exhibiting that
well -      "'Well, Sarah found that she could not make a living in Liverpool, so
street -      Street," said he. "But why do you say so?"
how -      that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them
lady -      young lady, and the dearest old country-house.'
scout -      fellow. He would send a scout on ahead, and if anything made him
hope -      "I hope you preserved all precautions, Mrs. Hudson?" said Holmes.
town -      "The ship reached Cape Town last night. I received this cable from
well -      pay-day; so it would suit me very well to earn a little in the
shelf -      shelf. "This is the first volume of a gazetteer which is now being
more -      much less than two feet long--probably more if there is any tail.
prendergast -      "'"I'm Jack Prendergast," said he, "and by God! You'll learn to bless
well -      "Well, it is not the first we have shared, Holmes. I hope it may not
wilson -      urgent call from Sergeant Wilson of Birlstone, arrived from
reading -      My friend bowed and smiled. "Mr. Sandeford, of Reading, I suppose?"
church -      of the younger members of the Church having rebelled against the
hound -      "You know the story of the hound?"
merton -      "Yes, and he's a shark. He bites. The other is Sam Merton, the boxer.
letters -      "His Grace is not in the habit of posting letters himself," said he.
well -      the house pretty well, and it was the time when Mr. Sholto usually
hope -      to be had, Jefferson Hope had been there in search of them. He soon
grey -      both to her husband and to her little son. Her light grey eyes
way -      way home he met an old shipmate, and took a long walk with him. On
sharpness -      preserved something of the sharpness of expression which was so
ball -      certain ball. What does her clever stepfather do then? He conceives
university -      scandal at the university! Mr. Holmes is a well-known man. You cannot
more -      "You speak of danger. You have evidently seen more in these rooms
hope -      than in the past. Some of the men were recognized, and there is hope
reach -      Hilton Cubitt, of the dancing men? He was to reach Liverpool Street
read -      Simon. I will read it to you, and in return you must turn over these
loose -      "It looks as though all the moles in England had been let loose in
boot -      Henry's--the boot which was abstracted in the hotel, in all
rise -      lodge, Ted Baldwin among them, resented the rapid rise of the
way -      and in that way tracked down three of them. The pearl was not there.
scale -      "None at all," said Holmes. "They are coiners on a large scale, and
haven -      "That's The Haven, as Bellamy called it. The one with the corner
raise -      him down from London. He did raise his eyebrows, however, when he
well -      furniture as well and would I put a price upon it. Some of this
central -      But the central power which uses the agent is never caught--never so
stapleton -      seen this old man cross the Grimpen Mire by the path which Stapleton
scott -      "Scott Eccles,
point -      of looking at everything from the point of view of a story instead of
old -      those old savages who dwelt in the burrows on the hillsides. The
carey -      man, Captain Peter Carey. He was born in '45--fifty years of age. He
hope -      "I think that this case is very much in your line. We have every hope
street -      taken to his rooms in Baker Street. The miscreants who attacked him
old -      "It is an old manuscript."
more -      "Yes, they seem more fertile than the rest."
street -      Street in the morning."
read -      I read as follows:
how -      ascertain how that fate had come upon him, and what part had been
bridge -      and the time when the bridge was raised. There had been some
white -      cloud of despair and had a glimpse of Holmes's face, white, rigid,
old -      "'"It's an old acquaintance of mine who has come down in the world,"
home -      to bring home the guilt to the real murderer.
more -      and then his piety or his superstition drove him to try once more.
start -      The landlord gave a very visible start.
how -      handcuffs from a drawer. "See how beautifully the spring works. They
cunningham -      stairs that young Mr. Cunningham stood and saw the two men struggling
central -      picture of ruin. The central portion was in little better repair, but
more -      his enigmatical smile. Lestrade had learned by more experiences than
how -      without a breach of that absolute secrecy which is desired. How is
began -      began his adventures in the very heart of the later Victorian era,
began -      life began to tell upon me, and I was compelled to fall behind.
well -      "'Well, matters went from bad to worse with us, and this animal
keeping -      some way of keeping my poor Mary out of the courts."
how -      unintelligible than ever. How about this mysterious ally? How came he
manchester -      houses, which led us into Manchester Street, and so to Blandford
reach -      horses' hoofs told him that they were beyond his reach.
old -      not? I should be sorry to begin my life here by breaking an old
plump -      quiet routine of his life. His plump face was twitching with his
old -      The old fellow was quite insistent that I should go, but I explained
read -      way. That is how I read the matter."
success -      man's ability to make the undertaking a success. Fraser, the tutor,
sudden -      see, and the sudden change from absolute security to complete despair
brunton -      Brunton.
carey -      their right names. You say I murdered Peter Carey; I say I killed
stapleton -      "I would ask you one more question, Miss Stapleton. If you meant no
laid -      Stanley Hopkins had laid his hand upon her arm and claimed her as his
station -      "And ask at the station office if there is a message for me."
sudden -      sudden shock of it; but he bit his lip and clenched his hands to hide
water -      then, should the attack of any water creature suggest itself to me?
street -      Harding Brothers, two doors from the High Street Station. A great
how -      is a limit to a mother's patience. But how did you dare to leave the
shinwell -      "Yes. Tell Shinwell Johnson to get that girl out of the way. Those
rose -      physical as well as mental, for over one eye rose a hideous,
lawn -      forms a door leading to the lawn. I held my bedroom candle lit in my
more -      trust me with his business any more. Good-bye!"
well -      run against him--well, you mustn't, that's all!"
barton -      Holmes handed me a card upon which was printed: "Dr. Hill Barton, 369
row -      We walked down the quaint village street with a row of pollarded elms
shelf -      was the tin box on a shelf. I had as much right to it as Peter Carey,
true -      you should embrace the true faith, and conform in every way to its
point -      deduction is confirmed point by point by quite a number of
grosvenor -                         Apply Grosvenor Buildings, Aston
old -      of him. In the dim light of the lamp I saw him sitting there, an old
boscombe -      the stream which runs down the Boscombe Valley. He had been out with
douglas -      at the Manor House, and John Douglas had been murdered. That was the
well -      The man whom I found myself facing was a well built,
manor -      The Manor House, with its many gables and its small diamond-paned
way -      The J.P. shrugged his shoulders, and led the way into his own
london -      heart of great, hand-made London we were forced to raise our minds
way -      found some way out of the difficulty. And now, my dear Watson, we
valley -      am not out of it yet.'--'Are we never to get out of the Valley of
morton -      Warren is a timekeeper at Morton and Waylight's, in Tottenham Court
wish -      "If you wish to preserve your incognito," said Holmes, smiling, "I
raise -      present, and I then endeavored to raise the stone by pulling on the
point -      events correctly, but there is one point which you have left
more -      More than once I have surprised her in tears. I have thought
shop -      cross my mind. There is, as you may have observed, a bicycle shop
lane -      stable lane. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so
westminster -                               Murder in Westminster
began -      Toby ceased to advance, but began to run backwards and forwards with
way -      "'Oh,' said she, in her playful way, 'you said that you were only my
touch -      "From that day, amid all his cordiality, there was always a touch of
overton -      "I am Cyril Overton."
true -      "He was stanch and true, was little Tonga. No man ever had a more
martin -      instant Holmes clapped a pistol to his head and Martin slipped the
milverton -      reputation come into the power of Milverton. With a smiling face and
sound -      "Well, the name has a familiar sound. Someone in a novel, was he not?
cross -      us to Cross Street, where Miss Cushing resided.
bank -      walked down the bank to the right, and he to the left, but I had not
kent -      "I can't help it, Mr. Kent. Our hands have been forced. Can Mr.
staunton -      "So that is the tail end of the telegram which Godfrey Staunton
how -      how he crawled down a drain after a wounded man-eating tiger. There
began -      end. It was not until we had reached home that I began to realize the
well -      well. Sufficient for to-morrow is the evil thereof; but I hope before
old -      "Holmes!" I exclaimed. "You here! But where is the old man?"
guide -      chosen as the guide. I had, then, to find where the far end of the
lady -      "A young lady for you, sir," she said, addressing my companion.
true -      expedition? The knowledge that the girl's story is true. I never
shop -      you a note to them, and they will let you wait in the shop. If the
way -      "It was in this way, sir.  You see me now with my back like a camel
cross -      Cross Station," said he.
way -      not yet returned when he came. He pushed his way in, seized me in his
point -      a point which involves the Navy, India, Canada and the bimetallic
turn -      sudden turn to rain, with high autumnal winds, and the Jezail bullet
deal -      deal table, behind which sat a small man with a head that was even
well -      "We have a long way to go yet," said he. "And yet--and yet--well, we
quick -      "Very mysterious," said he with a quick, suspicious flash of his dark
start -      I shall start at once upon my peculiar experiences."
hope -      "Well, I hope the pride and justification and the rest of it will
old -      high, somewhat strident tones of my old companion's voice.
began -      began to show up through the haze, and the apparition revealed itself
stoke -      Roylotts of Stoke Moran, on the western border of Surrey."
waterloo -      We were fortunate enough to catch an early train at Waterloo, and in
quick -      quick and supple as my own. He got home upon me very prettily that
grey -      I did so, and, driven by the draught, a coil of grey smoke swirled
hamlet -      the bay. Behind the old-fashioned hamlet several modern houses have
point -      into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there
point -      to consider. The smallest point may be the most essential. You say
how -      objectless was my life, and how little there was to engage my
old -      an old soldier and a most trustworthy man. He saw nothing that
pool -      the passage and formed a little pool along the skirting at the other
manor -      its huge beech trees, is the ancient Manor House of Birlstone. Part
lady -      household for a young lady."
well -      "Well, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, you may look for your tramp, and while
well -      "Well, there would be no harm in that," McMurdo answered. "I won't
more -      in my private safe and turned once more to my work.
more -      be devoted to his own special doings. More than once during the years
cliff -      then, making his way round to the top of the cliff, he had
close -      reasoning was close and intense, but the deductions appeared to me to
oldacre -      Jonas Oldacre is a well-known resident of that suburb, where he has
turn -      in turn to be startled herself. With a tiger spring he turned on her,
station -      Station. The clerk in the ticket office was able to say with
stone -      stone would be a more serious offence than to be found in temporary
reach -      in order to reach the staircase. It was a really terrifying
read -      until at last he smoothed one out, doubled it over, and read the
how -      "I was curious, in the first place, to see how far the family ear had
old -      The latter is valueless if the stains are a few hours old. Now, this
birmingham -      week, and meanwhile you will remain in Birmingham and make yourself
mason -      "No, sir, White Mason is a very live man, if I am any judge."
flush -      A flush stole over Miss Sutherland's face, and she picked nervously
wall -      alarm. He walked on tiptoe under the shadow of the wall, and when he
more -      the conception one forms of a Russian nobleman. I was much more
rope -      the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the
read -      morning paper of yesterday, which I will read to you. It is headed,
rose -      With a shrill cry of anger a man rose from a reclining chair beside
moor -      ill-omened moor was weighing heavily upon his mind.
loose -      again if they let me loose in the treasury at Washington for it. I
more -      Ettie Shafter's father would have nothing more to do with him, nor
market -      empty houses on the market which appear to be equally eligible, but
more -      which was five hundred pounds more than I gave. He at once closed
princetown -      "I have sent a report from Grimpen to Princetown as to the death of
plantation -      plantation, which was distant from medical aid, caused him to study
read -      his inexorable eyes gleaming out of his haggard face. I could read in
sandwich -      it's time we had some play. A sandwich and a cup of coffee, and then
more -      and the bird. I did not care to spend more money in a hopeless
lock -      "Indeed," said Holmes. "Was it your custom always to lock yourselves
lead -      We cannot say what it may lead to."
tongue -      for him lay in silencing my tongue.  In an instant I had slipped the
london -      is. Here in London we have lots of Government detectives and lots of
rocks -      "What is it?" the Mormon asked uneasily. "Be quick. The very rocks
more -      with more frankness."
homer -      of Pope's Homer, two plated candlesticks, an ivory letter-weight, a
moor -      crying upon the moor. Suppose that there were really some huge hound
cunningham -      We then had an interview with Mr. Cunningham and his son, who were
lane -      "'16 Ivy Lane, Brixton,' he answered. 'But don't let yourself be
well -      we well might be considering all that he has done for us. To rake
court -      Audley Court was not an attractive locality. The narrow passage led
laid -      what appeared to be a stick, but as he laid it down upon the floor it
norwood -      "You mean to Norwood," said Lestrade.
london -      you can do to that gentleman is to return at once to London and to
mark -      mantelpiece you would see that it is cut clean off without any mark
british -      regiments in the British army.  It did wonders both in the Crimea and
lady -      the lane, whence she sent a farm-lad for the doctor. The lady was on
laid -      which you laid hands upon him. I don't quite understand it all yet."
woodcock -      "Very glad to see you. I dine at seven. There is a woodcock, I
cliff -      cliff path which led to the steep descent to the beach. As I walked I
hatherley -      confidence now, Mr. Hatherley, and I have shown you how I trust you.'
how -      how I could beat the best detective that ever lived.
fold -      true fold."
rise -      threw himself down into his chair once more. "That fellow will rise
hill -      On the little plateau which crowned the barren hill there stood a
more -      little more than three hundred a year. I had confidence, however, in
lady -      "We have moved nothing except the lady. We could not leave her lying
well -      "Well, I never thought to see her again; but last voyage I was
stout -      wall, and fastened at the other with stout cord. The door itself was
send -      seemed to send a chill right down my back. I was some little way off,
old -      "What! Old Frankland the crank?"
whitehall -      "He's a fine fellow," said Holmes, as we came out into Whitehall.
farmers -      farmers' inn than in a fashionable hotel. A hard, fierce man, I
how -      herself in this study. How long was she there? We have no means of
main -      "The main fact is that he had the pearl, and at that moment, when it
coventry -      Sergeant Coventry's humble cottage which served as the local
well -      then she despised me as well.
petty -      petty and selfish love which would be influenced by such a thought as
common -      ought to be. Wooden-legged men are not so common, but the other man
how -      "'I suppose it is impossible to find out how high the elm was?' I
california -      "When I got back I told my maid, who had known him in California, and
eye -      would be, when suddenly the glint of a light caught my eye in the
yonder -      archway down yonder in case a too zealous policeman should intrude.
close -      said he. "When you go out close the door, for there is a decided
more -      any longer. I shall do nothing more to-day, unless I have an answer
charles -      were very much shocked by the death of Sir Charles. We knew him very
true -      "It is true that I have not married," Ferrier answered. "But women
wilson -      and a brown board with "Jabez Wilson" in white letters, upon a corner
water -      lip.  The long sweep of green water roaring forever down, and the
cabin -      captain's cabin, but as we pushed open the door there was an
boot -      "There was certainly no boot in it then."
more -      would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once
priory -      "Look at this map. This dark square is the Priory School. I'll put a
village -      Surrey village of Esher, with Inspector Baynes as our companion.
law -      certain crimes which the law cannot touch, and which therefore, to
seal -      There is a seal of red wax stamped with a crouching lion. It is
how -      "So now, my dear fellow, you see exactly how we stand and why it is I
steel -      house. She's as true as steel and as deaf as a post. There's only
well -      scene well enough. You saw the horrible den upstairs, where the poor
bridge -      passed over a stone bridge, but swelling into small lakes on either
lady -      and Mrs. Allen, a buxom and cheerful person, who relieved the lady of
how -      eyes. As I glanced at him I could not but think how on that very day
sudden -      spoken of. He spoke wistfully of a sudden leaving, a breaking of old
guide -      ground is very hard, you see, and there are no marks to guide us." As
lynch -      "Lynch the cursed Scowrer!" they cried. "Lynch him!" They laughed and
more -      "Oh! it is more than a suspicion."
lady -      with the lifting of a fog. Here was this good and pious lady pursued
loose -      loose who had done the deed.
balmoral -      second son of the Duke of Balmoral.' Hum! 'Arms: Azure, three
stone -      water, for there was no sign of the stone, and I knew that some
lawn -      permission we shall walk out upon the lawn."
water -      suit of sailor togs each, a barrel of water, two casks, one of junk
water -      sprinkled the water from one of the finger-glasses over his face, he
well -      Forbes this morning. If he is quick enough to catch his bird, well
edge -      "Ah, there we come to the edge of the unexplored. Let me go a little
leatherhead -      At Waterloo we were fortunate in catching a train for Leatherhead,
old -      because ill-health and physical weakness reproduce the signs of old
well -      "Well, it means to pass the dollars out into circulation. Then he
valley -      the whole straggling, grimy town, but of the winding valley beneath,
well -      "You did excellently well. What happened next?"
merton -      "If I may put it in a nutshell, Mr. Merton, I should say it was all
green -      gave it a few days ago to old Barnes, what keeps the Green Dragon,
well -      "Well, I am not so clear about that, Watson; for it is evident that
winchester -      "'The Copper Beeches, near Winchester.
laid -      "A piece of matting has been laid here at the side, and we have all
oxford -      down Baker Street and along Oxford Street, until we had almost
burn -      as you are a gentleman, burn this letter, and be at the gate by ten
lady -      domestic duties. It was known that she was an English lady who had
raise -      sugar-tongs there. Kindly raise that small ivory box with its
loose -      had remembered him as a long, slab-sided man with loose limbs and a
moat -      device of announcing that the moat would be dried to-morrow, which
rose -      There was a red poison label. A pleasant almondy odour rose when I
stand -      Stand with me here upon the terrace, for it may be the last quiet
charles -      had departed. One of them in my room, Charles Gorot, had some arrears
mortimer -      "That's so," said Baskerville. "By the way, Dr. Mortimer, who is this
grey -      A long, sloping hillside, dotted with grey limestone boulders,
stove -      "They use none. There is a stove. The bell-rope hangs from the wire
flint -      flint. But when little Mary was there I had never a thought of her,
stone -      the raising of that stone. A burly Sussex policeman and I had found
water -      as if she were dead. I ran to the back and got some water, but I
london -      carry out so strange an order. Finally I drove to the London Library
hound -      "To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man like this
london -      Warsaw--yes! Retired from operatic stage--ha! Living in London--quite
america -      South America, is none other than Holy Peters, one of the most
began -      It was a very dark night, and a thin rain began to fall as we turned
close -      and then the whole machinery of justice is ever so close that a word
more -      us have no more beating about the bush. What do you mean?"
true -      true you set us on the right track; but you'll own now that it was
glass -      window of old stained glass, the oak panelling, the stags' heads, the
well -      would, I should think, fit you very well. Then, as to sitting here or
true -      "It's true," said the inspector, with much amusement. "It might be a
stapleton -      Stapleton had abandoned the chase and came back to us breathing hard
scotland -      know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard? Let me introduce you to Mr.
old -      business is coming on to you. We could put him down an old shaft when
glass -      "Well, half a glass. It is very hot for the time of year; and I have
more -      devote an hour to glancing a little more closely into details."
mason -      "And the head trainer," said Holmes, "is John Mason. You need not
glass -      thought seized me, and I concealed a piece of the glass in my
well -      "Well, there is at least a curious coincidence of dates. A ventilator
well -      about this--one human soul, mind--well, may God have mercy upon your
sound -      lose his footing in the treacherous mire, when I heard the sound of
old -      you have read all this from his old watch! It is unkind, and, to
priory -      "Wordsworth Road," said my companion. "Priory Road. Lark Hall Lane.
turn -      but must turn back to that other clue which was to be sought for
how -      charitable, good old governor--how could he have fallen into the
how -      away through the window and left his gun behind him. That's how I
mason -      It was nightfall before Inspector MacDonald and White Mason came back
lancaster -      "I am sorry, Lancaster, but the berth is full. Here is half a
more -      you added the more terrible crime of murder."
town -      was strong, and when next I called she had left the town. I traced
london -      his big map of London and leaned eagerly over it. "Well, well," said
baldwin -      "Ay," said Baldwin, catching his meaning. "If he is strapped to that,
liverpool -      for so long, and he got into the Liverpool and London boats."
central -      Holmes when we were back in the roar of central London once more. "I
well -      "Yes, I think it would be as well."
heads -      and corner. Even the rafters above our heads were lined by solemn
more -      that you have been annoyed more than enough already over this
lady -      will permit me to handle the matter in my own way? Is the lady
well -      see you off to Birmingham. Coming my way, Mr. Holmes? Well, then,
stone -      stone, extending upon one side right up to the arched and groined
began -      labour. It's as true as gospel, for I began as a ship's carpenter."
lee -      afterwards under Hood, where he rose to be a colonel. When Lee laid
way -      three people had been here. In that way all the bees-wing would be in
wooden -      with his wooden leg, is utterly unable to reach the lofty room of
well -      You bet I was giving nothing away. 'I'd pay for it and pay well,'
well -      "Well, it's only a foot above the ground. The poor devil was on the
hope -      will, I hope, be a sufficient fee.  But remember,' he added, tapping
maud -      well as great beauty. Maud Bellamy will always remain in my memory as
coat -      grounds. As I did so, a small, brisk, bearded man in a black coat and
began -      and began to sob in a high treble key.
lady -      chloroformed and the house was-- Ah! here is the lady herself."
turn -      even more ghastly turn. I fancy that, even as it is, Jonathan Small
way -      maid, had made the voyage in her. The boat was now on her way to
waterloo -      Waterloo Bridge.' Here is the account:
oath -      to hesitate. Either you are heart and soul with us on your oath on
liverpool -      "I presume that this Jim Browner, the steward of a Liverpool boat, is
field -      had just been speaking running across the field in the direction of
more -      to put a more formidable machinery in motion than that which cast a
rise -      remembrance of his gaunt limbs, his earnest face, and the rise and
stoke -      the Roylotts of Stoke Moran. The events in question occurred in the
steps -      it. More puzzled than ever I retraced my steps to Kensington. I had
scotland -      murderer. You can give it to Scotland Yard, with my love and a
old -      the old metal and pebbles which my client had dragged from the mere.
charles -      Charles Augustus Milverton was a man of fifty, with a large,
lodge -      drawn upon the head of it telling him that a lodge would be held upon
common -      common sense was still pondering the open window. "It's all very well
field -      "Mr. Holmes is walking up and down in the field outside," said he.
lodge -      It was a Saturday evening in May. Saturday was always the lodge
london -      of my enemies was now left in London, I was about to return when my
hope -      and I only hope that the increased salary may recompense you for the
main -      took out your coronet, broke off by main force a small portion of it,
close -      triggers. It was clear that this had been fired at close range and
sudden -      be had. Then came your sudden return. He, without a moment's warning,
station -      the outside of Gloucester Road Station. The area door of Oberstein's
white -      out from under the white coverings. This was evidently no ordinary
waterloo -      endeavoring to soothe me. One of them drove down with me to Waterloo,
dunlop -      perceive, is a Dunlop, with a patch upon the outer cover. Heidegger's
more -      for beauty was fully deserved. In figure he was not more than of
charles -      Charles. I have made some inquiries myself in the last few days, but
well -      "Bless you, sir, we know you very well," said the sergeant, "but you
way -      'Le mauvais goÃ»t mÃ¨ne au crime.' The French have a very neat way of
stone -      when the bronze sword began to supersede the stone axe. Look at the
stapleton -      by Stapleton?"
ripple -      deep tones of a man, answered by a little ripple of feminine
read -      to have the light at her back. She did not wish us to read her
how -      with fury. What was I doing with the lady? How dared I offer her
cross -      marked by a cross under the stamp. These were to be set aside for his
oxford -      Shaftesbury Avenue.  We had come out upon Oxford Street and I had
douglas -      quite six years since Douglas left California. You followed him next
pocket -      letter from his pocket.
mere -      "For God's sake, what do you think, Mr. Holmes? It may be a mere
british -      British soil. It is an open secret that the credit of this smart
well -      all these stout, little men who do themselves well, he is a plethoric
hammer -      brain like a hammer. Was it, indeed, a coincidence that Lucas should
flash -      in a flash. He had made his name as the most lewd and bloodthirsty
close -      that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them
stand -      Watson, when you stand before the serpents in the Zoo and see the
old -      "Tobacco and my work, but now only tobacco," the old man exclaimed.
sound -      whose heart would be sound however rude his outspoken words might
bovington -      ready-money he will probably come back to Bovington's. I will give
read -      read some account of the matter.  It is the supposed murder of
south -      conventional atmosphere of South Australia, and this English life,
point -      what point he entered the train it is impossible to state."
high -      old-fashioned fireplace behind the high iron dogs a log-fire crackled
holborn -      lunch with me at the Holborn, and we started off together in a
common -      preserve, however, the common characteristics of barrenness,
camberwell -      them. They were at a boarding-house at Camberwell, over on the other
white -      Miss Morstan had turned deadly white, and for a moment I feared that
scotland -      to Scotland Yard. And now, gentlemen," he continued, with a pleasant
how -      through him sharp, for I knew that it was him or me. That's how he
stock -      not a usual size of pencil and that it was seldom kept in stock. My
steps -      steps crept down the passage--steps which were meant to be silent,
stapleton -      by Stapleton in the cab. From his knowledge of our rooms and of my
old -      her own room, just with her old Theresa, to get the rest that she
well -      "Someone else?" he would cry. "Well, the worse luck for someone else!
london -      can report to me to-morrow in London, Martha, at Claridge's Hotel."
water -      it fell with a tremendous splash into the water. When the ripples had
more -      Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else."
well -      corner. Yet, silent as he was, I knew perfectly well what it was over
sheet -      Holmes popped a sheet of paper before the doctor's eyes. "Then
london -      "The man pervades London, and no one has heard of him.  That's what
close -      safety.' He drew up his chair very close to mine and began to stare
mark -      weight, and we saw by the light of a lantern the mark on the lawn
retire -      able to retire into the modern billiard-room and smoke a cigarette.
lauder -      Stewart, of Lauder, in 1887. Not? Well, I am sure Moran was at the
high -      sealed dust-covered bottle which stood with two high glasses upon a
brook -      "That was like following the brook to the parent lake. He makes one
town -      night in town, for I came up yesterday to report."
church -      in the church. She came to Mr. Doran's door just after we returned,
pott -      sidelong glance which was charged with malice. Evans Pott was his
how -      easily have been erroneous. How could I settle the point forever?
court -      and by the official force as being a final court of appeal in
lead -      soft lead; the outer colour was dark blue, the maker's name was
white -      A flush sprang to the white cheeks of the stranger. "Well then," said
sound -      wife, and I can answer for it that the sound could not have come from
home -      your trap, however, and let them know that you intend to walk home."
wilson -      "Anything fresh, Sergeant Wilson?" asked White Mason.
bare -      "But without his collar or tie. I distinctly saw his bare throat."
steel -      the steel poker and, with a sudden effort, straightened it out again.
more -      nation which is often so much more intimate and interesting than its
well -      "'Well, well, some concession might be made for your personal
well -      waiting.' They had evidently paid him well, for he was very flush of
press -      volume of it in that press. You must find your own ink, pens, and
coat -      took off his coat and waistcoat, put on a large blue dressing-gown,
north -      north, and there met by Captain Peter Carey's ship. If that were so,
how -      have good reason for taking my life, how long could I survive against
sea -      On the sea two or three fishing-boats were at no great distance.
well -      "'Well,' said I, 'at least he has forgiven you now, since he has left
sound -      There was a vague sound which seemed to come from the window. Both
crook -      was a crook before ever he came here, and he's a crook still. Cover
northumberland -      studies there, I was duly attached to the Fifth Northumberland
old -      "She was next-of-kin, no doubt, and you were aware that the old
how -      "You can imagine, Watson, how shocked both his son and I were. His
read -      footstep! What do I read here? He fell wounded, he stood up, he
way -      "A very sensible reply, Watson. You must look at it this way: what I
lady -      start. This unhappy lady, as I understand it, has appeared to assault
sudden -      "The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville, whose name has
lodge -      repeated for the amusement of the lodge.
stapleton -      have had a more lively evening, for I had a message from Stapleton
green -      "Our own colours, green and white. Green open, white shut. Main
way -      a word the whole way out to the southern suburb, but sat with his
point -      point the track sweeps downward to Bartons Crossing, Helmdale, and
how -      Emperor Shomu and how do you associate him with the Shoso-in near
well -      "Well, now, in considering this case there are two points about young
inch -      an inch. I was conscious for a moment of the chloroform rag which was
well -      "Well, sir, it was a bit rumpled, certainly, when I came back. You
oath -      with an oath. 'Tell Mary that I shall want a fire in my room to-day,
plains -      sight of those awesome plains, and to find themselves once more upon
white -      chalky white, and with something set and rigid about it which was
home -      that I should go home to her every week-end, and he offered me a
pinner -      into. My brother, Harry Pinner, is promoter, and joins the board
lodge -                The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge
city -      every man who goes much to the City. He is a professional beggar,
west -      was found are those which run from west to east, some being purely
how -      are worse than none. Besides, you do not know how much we know of
stand -      [ Picture: Stand by us for Godâ€™s sake! ]
old -      in a four-wheeled cab, which was drawn by a horse with three old
street -      We had been sauntering slowly down Regent Street during this
street -      door, and strolled down the street in an easy, lounging way. I saw
wooden -      wooden leg I was to make my way up to it. I learned, however, about a
way -      stains lie above each other--if you lay it over this way. But what I
old -      "The old gentleman with the telescope, no doubt. I could not make it
settle -      "That's your affair, and I guess you can settle it in court
hampshire -      Then I remembered that Fordingham was in Hampshire, and that this Mr.
gale -      Towards the end of July, 1907, there was a severe gale, the wind
blackheath -      "Not until I have been to Blackheath."
way -      in my life. Why should I consider him in any way? I shall certainly
point -      gentleman's chambers in the Temple. It was a delicate point, and it
more -      Then there were a few footmarks, and the tyre reappeared once more.
london -      "It was at my advice that Sir Charles was about to go to London. His
wall -      his head against the wall with such force that we both rushed upon
more -      never more than now. I know it. I feel it. I don't want to argue
settle -      We shall settle it now once and for all."
forth -      brutal preliminary seemed to shadow forth some strange and
dublin -      Day, belonging to the Liverpool, Dublin, and London Steam Packet
well -      "Well, sir, I've heard there are trout in the mill-stream and pike in
brims -      depth, which brims over and shoots the stream onward over its jagged
sandy -      broad, sandy road inhaling the fresh morning air, and rejoicing in
market -      threatened to absorb one whole side of the Market Square.
lane -      Ferguson and Muirhead, tea brokers, of Mincing Lane, and that the
cross -      terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the
point -      or it may point to some nervousness which would indicate that he had
rocks -      rocks will not now abandon His own chosen people."
mark -      satisfaction to know that I had left some mark of our hatred: so I
ross -      "The matter does not rest with Colonel Ross. I follow my own methods,
sea -      sea-chest, maps and charts, a picture of the Sea Unicorn, a line of
jump -      "Of course you are. You'll know all about it presently. Jump up here.
close -      countrified, considering that it is so close to town. We had an inn
way -      "I'll say it at my own time, in my own way."
cambridge -      triumphant career at Cambridge. He was, I remember, extremely well
north -      had been blown north. There was one man on her--a landsman. The crew
lady -      "No, no, Lady Brackenstall, it is no use. You may have heard of any
box -      certificates, which are in the box."
forth -      expense. A gentleman goes forth on a showery and miry day. He returns
wish -      Windibank did not wish us to go. He never did wish us to go anywhere.
point -      "You must not be later," said Holmes. "There is one other point,
touch -      "Who are you, sir, and by what right do you touch this gentleman's
point -      lifted and we were guided by Mrs. Stapleton to the point where they
reach -      house. There is just a field between us, but to reach it you have to
glass -      magnifying glass to see that the two were undoubtedly from the same
stand -      please remain in the room? Stand over there near the bedroom door.
more -      the case, although what his conclusions were was more than I could
clouds -      city. Mud-colored clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down
wish -      "Certainly, if you wish it, Mr. Holmes," said the girl in
edge -      knee rested upon the edge. In another instant he stood at the side of
how -      in condemning them." It was amusing to notice how the consequential
bristol -      clutches of a barmaid in Bristol and marry her at a registry office?
pocket -      "I did as he asked, and he put the paper in his pocket.
london -      London without coming down to Devonshire at all. He distrusted his
stock -      daily seat, cross-legged with his tiny stock of matches on his lap,
dull -      against the dull green and gray.
bath -      not? But, for all that, the Turkish bath has served a purpose."
way -      digestion gains in the way of blood supply is so much lost to the
home -      returned. Then I walked home. Next morning, after the office opened,
how -      "I think not. How about the license?"
hole -      hole which had been drilled right through the lower window-sash about
chase -      home, having abandoned the hopeless chase. The moon was low upon the
quick -      who admits patients is a new boy and by no means quick. He waits
america -      made England too hot to hold him, fled to Central America, and died
letters -      to write every day. I took the letters in in the morning, so there
sheet -      it, with a sheet of paper stuck in the cleft fork of it. The
way -      "that I have got into the way of being a law to myself. You would do
more -      be more ready still. I should think they would be wiser to fight with
well -      "Well, I started from the fact that Mr. Douglas had seemed disturbed
sound -      night, for they are both sound sleepers. Hunter was obviously under
clouds -      of the wet season. Brown, heavy clouds were drifting across the sky,
well -      "It is as well to have our plans ready. Now, what would you regard as
press -      the lower end, since the whole weight of the stone would press it
letters -      the diary and letters which, if sent to the Russian Government, would
river -      "No, indeed. She's as trim a little thing as any on the river. She's
more -      their movements like railway trains, it would certainly be more
lady -      it seems to me, is that the lady should be tied to the chair."
laid -      laid, and all will be well.  Matters have gone so far now that they
waterloo -      who arrives at Waterloo Station"--Dr. Mortimer looked at his
moor -      turned cold, for there came a galloping across the moor, and the
mortimer -      "I have been calling on Mortimer, and he pointed you out to me from
box -      I got him into his box, from which he had slipped, I was off as fast
how -      "But how about the case?" asked the baronet. "Have you made anything
stone -      "'High red house with white stone facings. Third floor. Second window
wall -      against the wall with one of his own harpoons. We all listened
stout -      He was a small, stout man with a red face and a peppery manner.
central -      sheet by sheet, from the central table. He carried them over to the
twenty -      stepmother. As the daughter could not have been less than twenty, I
greatness -      known in the days of his greatness. At night, however, he slept
mark -      rolled up his sleeves I have noticed that very mark. I've often
bridge -      "Could it not have been dropped from a bridge?"
prescott -      Prescott of evil memory inhabited these rooms points to some deeper
box -      history of this curious case remained entombed in the tin box which
springs -      springs through the hoop before I was ten. When I became a woman this
home -      in her moving canvas-covered home. In the meantime Ferrier having
london -      residing alone in lodgings in London. By profession I am a hydraulic
old -      "My first move was to get down to his home, Tuxbury Old Park, near
well -      E's with three letters between might very well stand for the name
prospect -      interview, but he is now dead; and there is every prospect that the
tone -      intended it as a lesson against the somewhat dogmatic tone which he
hound -      "Well, then, why this hound should be loose to-night. I suppose that
common -      such record upon the body as a sign that it was not a common murder,
mortimer -      Dr. Mortimer blinked through his glasses in mild astonishment.
well -      artist. I could quote many more. Well, Sir James, you will inform
worth -      hundred thousand pounds' worth of American railway bonds, with a
glass -      the way into the hall.  Through the glass paneling I caught a glimpse
village -      village inn, Holmes gave me a brief review of what had passed.
lodge -      must be the lodge. I think that I will go in and have a word with
letters -      "'I have his letters to me in my pocket.'
batch -      of a batch of six, the other three being sent to Harding Brothers, of
eye -      The quick eye of my companion had noted some change in her manner.
true -      keenly from under his light-coloured eyelashes, "the true believers
well -      "Exactly. Well, I naturally sent a resume of the information to
well -      "Well, then," cried the other, relapsing in a moment into a bluff
dawn -      the dawn, when we all started as a low but sharp click came from the
stone -      ground to me, and I needed no guiding as we ascended the bleak stone
charles -      "And this man of simple tastes would be the heir to Sir Charles's
pool -      the pool I heard a cry of "Cooee!" which was a usual signal between
well -      Well, thanks to you, Mr. Holmes, it is very clear that we have traced
british -      British jury."
brook -      403 Brook Street."
way -      they made their way to the room in which Mr. St. Clair had last been
sound -      approached it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as
street -      bowed me out, and I found myself in the street, hardly knowing
eye -      seeing it among the articles found. His eye, of course, would light
hope -      the house into Saxe-Coburg Square. I hope that you have done what I
pocket -      "Yes, but how can we get at the criminal's pocket before we catch the
gang -      "The Worthingdon bank gang," cried the inspector.
way -      "I had got into the way of supposing that you knew everything without
lane -      into the stable lane a very long and complex story was written in the
way -      fresh life to know that something is being done. By the way, I have
frost -      from a crisp healthy frost. Well, I was chilled to the bone, and my
more -      rajah do but take a second even more trusty servant and set him to
old -      a fierce old bird of prey.
station -      were at the station of Coombe Tracey and had dispatched the trap upon
field -      "This is a very obvious way of limiting our field of operations,"
poldhu -      It was not until long after we were back in Poldhu Cottage that
deal -      him. But I cared a great deal for the much more formidable person who
height -      observer. In height he was rather over six feet, and so excessively
stoop -      yet he could stoop to treat five men as he had treated us. Morstan
real -      the time in telling me frankly the real meaning of this extraordinary
close -      The chart is dated at a time when Morstan was brought into close
box -      yellow box.
douglas -      lit upon Mrs. Douglas and the man Barker before they were aware of my
station -      window will open. You are to station yourself close to that open
reach -      hand seemed within his reach, he snapped at it like a hungry wolf. We
well -      "Well, it's the same society here."
baldwin -      there was no time; but I held your hand, Baldwin, when you would have
home -      dead this morning upon Oxshott Common, nearly a mile from his home.
how -      that Mr. Stapleton was a naturalist. But how did you know me?"
tavistock -      finished your walk, and we can drive together into Tavistock."
more -      now--probably more. We have had inquiries made as to any stranger
milverton -                    THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON
boot -      your other boot?"
reach -      reach him."
well -      "Well, that was what it amounted to. He is a hard nail, is Colonel
way -      humours her fancies in every way in order to prevent an outbreak?"
more -      "It is, I think, much more likely that Henry Baker is an absolutely
county -      stop these disgraceful exhibitions. The County Constabulary is in a
hope -      and I hope that by Monday we may come to a conclusion."
old -      rascal like this Austrian. My client, however, is an old friend, one
more -      seen a more strange sight than this impassive and still dignified
stone -      know where the stone is."
well -      But really, Watson, I am keeping you up, and I might just as well
openshaw -      this dark place, and I believe that the only chance young Openshaw
well -      "Well, really, it can hardly be described as otherwise," said
green -      green and gold sash across his chest.
pocket -      it into the depths of his inner pocket.
twenty -      it during twenty long years, and then suddenly found it within your
lane -      Holmes and I followed them down the lane, and my friend plucked at my
piece -      "It was a piece of very simple reasoning."
bow -      his waking hours in the bow window of a St. James's Street club and
london -      into another," said the London inspector.
athelney -      "This is your doing, Small," said Athelney Jones, angrily.
weeks -      "The letter arrived on March 10, 1883. His death was seven weeks
lodge -      mate! Maybe we'll meet in lodge one of these evenings. But mind my
moulton -      "Perhaps, Mrs. Moulton, you would like my friend and me to leave the
yonder -      for him, and his light out yonder is to show the spot to which to
quick -      receipt of Ralph's message. We heard his quick, heavy step in the
hope -      only hope seemed to lie in reaching that house. I staggered to my
touch -      wouldn't dare touch it if the blind were not down. But when it's up
hope -      love, named Jefferson Hope, and that this same Hope was at present in
city -                            Formerly of Salt Lake City,
hope -      "Well, we'll hope he won't fail and that Lord Cantlemere will be
western -      "Well, he was once Senator for some Western state, but is better
weeks -      long series of sterile weeks lay behind us, and here at last there
dollar -      for some time he had to return to work, saving every dollar for his
white -      which you were interested--white, with a black bar across the tail."
wooden -      squatted down in front of the wooden chair and examined the seat of
send -      virtues and of endeavouring to send me on every sufferer over whom he
stout -      A few minutes later we were joined by a short, stout man whose olive
paul -      gentleman named Paul Kratides, from Athens, who is unable to speak
way -      made off the way that he had come.
harrow -      morning train to the care of her good aunt at Harrow, of how the slow
how -      really see how we can get much further than our present position."
well -      "Well," said he, at last, "I suppose I shall have to come out and
common -      common cell. Here he found Baldwin and three other criminals of the
law -      thought I'd dodge your British law; for I was not sure how I stood
water -      bounded off, and splashed into the water."
well -      safe and sound, their work well done, and the plaudits of their
wooden -      "I'll take particular care that you don't club me with your wooden
stair -      heard the footfalls upon the stair, with the opening and the closing
bohemia -      Bohemia, or either of them with a man crawling down a passage at
letters -      writers of agonized letters, who beg that the honour of their
box -      box of bricks. Now, by the merest chance, his wife received a
piece -      Holmes, sticking a small piece of plaster over the prick on his
well -      see, the damned fool won't arrest us if he can get the stone. Well,
sound -      we heard voices in the house and the sound of hurrying feet. The
way -      left side to the flame. You might do it once the other way, but not
martin -      Martin, of the Norfolk Constabulary, and he was considerably
rode -      observed. I rode back, but again saw nothing of the carriage, and
baldwin -      thing settled," said McMurdo quietly. "Or maybe, Mr. Baldwin, you
west -      "The man's name was Arthur Cadogan West. He was twenty-seven years of
shade -      seemed to me at least a shade whiter. He entered with a weariness and
close -      she was quite close.
acres -      these virgin acres were to be theirs for evermore.
hargrave -      calling himself Hargrave came to Tunbridge Wells two days ago with
bay -      a heavy curtain, which covered the bay window we had seen from
how -      "How did you deduce the select?"
glass -      glass jar.
eye -      quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as
moor -      we call it, upon the moor, some slinking away and some, with starting
nowhere -      almost hourly from the Government, and it is certain that nowhere in
rose -      As he spoke there was a sharp ring at the bell. Sherlock Holmes rose
rooms -      all the separate rooms, and making every allowance for the space
folly -      the police already in possession, owing to his own folly in leaving
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins's methods do not commend themselves to me. I am
law -      event. I mean to teach them in these parts that law is law, and that
began -      Our acquaintance looked surprised, and then, glancing down, he began
sound -      hour never occurred to me until a faint sound reached my ears from
home -      a country walk on Thursday and came home in a dreadful mess, but as I
old -      citizen, an old colour sergeant of the war, all scars and grizzle.
pocket -      in her pocket with nervous, shaky fingers. I glanced at my companion,
wish -      "Is there any point to which you would wish to draw my attention?"
old -      "No, sir, I have not. He is big enough and old enough to look after
newhaven -      "Well, then we must make a cross-country journey to Newhaven, and so
rocks -      unexpected thing. We had risen from our rocks and were turning to go
how -      "And how did you get your clue?"
white -      lovely trip, the dainty green of the spring below, the virgin white
more -      two days ago. I had no more idea of the truth than you. You will ask
close -      total value of the estate was close on to a million."
well -      "Well, you see the hills beyond? They are really islands cut off on
crown -      "'The crown!'
norbury -      our friend at Norbury."
manor -      round last week, to consult me over that Manor House case.  I thought
mere -      "Suggestive!" said Holmes. "It may, of course, be a mere coincidence,
wish -      "Irene's photograph!" he cried. "Certainly, if you wish it."
eccles -      John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"
whitehall -      get the rest. We will go straight to Whitehall Terrace and bring the
how -      more clearly then how this thing strikes me."
university -      fellow-students, for during my last years at the University there was
wooden -      to get nearer to it he rested his knee upon a wooden bracket on the
more -      But more than that we were never destined to know, though there was
village -      down to the village to look into some rumours of a strange woman who
well -      "Well, Holmes," I murmured, "have you found anything out?"
real -      curious but profound remark. It is that the chief proof of man's real
lyons -      "If this woman is in truth his wife, where does Mrs. Laura Lyons come
well -      "Well, surely his own wife ought to know where he is," said the
way -      the way.
wilson -      Mr. Jabez Wilson started up in his chair, with his forefinger upon
more -      still more miserable ways of our fellow-men."
hayes -      room, under the care of Mrs. Hayes, who is a kindly woman, but
guide -      and guide him. One felt, too, as one looked at the strong, clear-cut,
how -      To Holmes I wrote showing how rapidly and surely I had got down to
old -      The old woman faced round and looked keenly at him from her little
more -      once more. So each of my cases displaces the last, and Mlle. Carere
strand -      the Strand the lamps were but misty splotches of diffused light which
way -      the way for his own death. Stapleton, as I will continue to call him,
scale -      scale?"
hampstead -      he was on Hampstead Heath; so he took a bus home, and there he lies
more -      "Insanity was more plausible. The presence of the second person in
birchmoor -      his own save the small estate of Birchmoor, it is obvious that the
blackwall -      Blackwall we could not have been more than two hundred and fifty. I
horner -      gave his evidence to the effect that he had shown Horner up to the
old -      which contained of old the pipes and tobacco. Finally, his eyes came
baldwin -      McGinty released his hold, and Baldwin, cowed and shaken gasping for
petty -      everything, Sherlock. Never mind your usual petty puzzles of the
baldwin -      him a pretty severe warning. Will you fix it, Brother Baldwin?"
bank -      Coburg branch of the City and Suburban Bank, the Vegetarian
petty -      have called you down over such a petty business, Mr. Holmes, but I
more -      for you if you can bring any more information. Good night!"
moorland -      caught sight of his tall figure upon the moorland paths. He made no
steps -      saying so, something just a little funny about it. Pray what steps
wooden -      had been formed, and this I joined, wooden leg and all. We went out
chester -      suddenly placed in his hands. The isolated house in which Chester
wall -      and down the wall. Finally he took the bell-rope in his hand and gave
butt -      exhibiting the butt of a large revolver, which projected from the
warren -      death. The attack upon Mr. Warren further shows that the enemy,
bridge -      bridge down and no one about. He took his chance, intending, no
knockin -      talk. What did he want always knockin' about here for?"
catch -      "Here you are, then! Catch!--A fine child, Mrs. Smith!"
twenty -      in twenty minutes.' It was twenty-five minutes to twelve, and of
rose -      friend rose now and paced up and down the room, his hands in his
lover -      slab of stone which was choking her faithless lover's life out.
gang -      Ballarat Gang.
high -      Baker Street. Nothing had been said during our drive, but the high,
birmingham -      "And as far off as Birmingham?"
more -      "That is more probable."
bow -      ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well known to the force,
turn -      sorry to give you such a two-edged thing, but I can't say what turn
more -      flash of her eyes said more than any words.
how -      "Well, we can adopt it as a working hypothesis and then see how far
well -      in vain. Your unknown friend.' Well, really, this is a very pretty
whitney -      note, paid Whitney's bill, led him out to the cab, and seen him
loans -      laying out money is in the shape of loans, where the security is
douglas -      Douglas, and that she would display acute uneasiness if her absent
march -      It is late in March, so quarter-day is at hand. But this theory would
street -      free and was able to spring into a hansom and drive to Baker Street,
well -      "Oh, he has a European fame, has he? Well, we've learned all about
london -      better in London. Have you heard the name?"
more -      slip away by night and come back no more. But in some way you have
high -      Once on the high road they made rapid progress. Only once did they
sudden -      astonished, as you may both think, at this sudden commission which
flat -      upon the flat leads of the house. Frankland clapped his eye to it and
well -      well mean the expenditure of a thousand millions and the lives of a
well -      "Well, last Monday evening I was taking a stroll down that way, when
old -      Your old school-fellow,
street -      when I found myself in Baker Street once more. As I approached the
well -      den of thieves. Well, well, Mr. Holmes, you'll excuse my troubling
town -      practised in town before going to the country."
midland -      "He is in the Midland Electrical Company, at Coventry."
home -      would find me at home any time to-morrow. The house is within a short
hope -      "I hope that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to-night.
yonder -      "Do you see that Black Tor over yonder? Well, do you see the low hill
rise -      rise of the road on the shoulder of Crooksbury Hill we could see the
mason -      "Anything fresh, Sergeant Wilson?" asked White Mason.
old -      Miss Dobney, her old governess, who has long retired and lives in
tower -      occasional church tower to mark the site of some old-world village.
guide -      but try--the motto of the firm. A friendly native will surely guide
hole -      obviously murdered, they would have buried her in a hole in the back
guide -      acushla! 'Tis a safer guide than any promise before you knew what it
stoke -      come to Stoke Moran to-day, would it be possible for us to see over
more -      or more. The same afternoon brought a grey-headed, seedy visitor,
wish -      the edge of a precipice. We must wish you good-morning now, Mrs.
station -      Saturday forenoon I ride on my bicycle to Farnham Station in order to
sand -      as Gustave Flaubert wrote to George Sand."
send -      answer to a question from me. I'll just send round a note to Mr.
more -      or twice in my career I feel that I have done more real harm by my
grosvenor -      We had taken a cab and were speeding to some address in Grosvenor
street -      sharp step passed in the street, I imagined that it was either Holmes
sound -      My heart leaped with joy at the sound. I sprang forward, and I undid
crane -      Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no
strode -      warm humanity in his eyes. He strode up to Colonel Emsworth and shook
worth -      they have made England too hot to hold you. Is the game worth it?
burn -      stokers! Make her do all she can! If we burn the boat we must have
salt -      Salt Lake City who could compare with him. From the great inland sea
hope -      it, and then the match flickered and went out, even as the hope had
shipping -      our next scene of operations must be the shipping office of the
well -      well, he excites my curiosity, and I must really know more before I
ross -      4. Colonel Ross's Silver Blaze. Black cap. Red jacket.
send -      "I am clearing out of here. I've had enough of you all. I'll send for
charles -      wrote this letter to Sir Charles I had learned that there was a
inch -      No wonder that it was heavy. The iron-work was two-thirds of an inch
oldacre -      Mr. Jonas Oldacre had received a late visitor in his bedroom upon
kennington -      statues in the Kennington Road. The assistant had left the front shop
paris -      Paris; and when he followed them there he learned that they had just
real -      my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their
rose -      years of storm. Two high, narrow towers rose over the trees. The
home -      thoughts at home."
touch -      brown. A touch of red in nose and cheeks, with a slight tremor of his
rise -      rise there floated a gray plume of smoke.
jump -      at the athletic grounds, where he had been practising the jump. He
how -      across the moor. "What a nerve the fellow has! How he pulled himself
start -      bathing-cots at Fulworth. He was a fisherman to start with, but is
trinity -      the card of Mr. Cyril Overton, of Trinity College, Cambridge,
old -      the contents, and placed her as you have seen her. As to the old
north -      in North Carolina, but this case possesses some features which are
sound -      distinguished. A low, stealthy sound came to my ears, not from the
scott -         The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles
bath -      "The bath!" he said; "the bath! Why the relaxing and expensive
main -      freakish. It has nothing to do with the main fact--can't have, on the
true -      "That is true," said Sir Henry. "Well, Barrymore--"
grey -      is not the gritty, grey dust of the street but the fluffy brown dust
bridge -      they probably lowered the bridge, which can be done quite
more -      that not for one instant shall it be more than half on. I implore you
rose -      The stout gentleman half rose from his chair and gave a bob of
twenty -      twopence a sheet, and I can often do from fifteen to twenty sheets in
summit -      above them. From its summit there fluttered a little wisp of pink,
street -      street, or in some way come to understand how close the danger was,
more -      I and many more. Then there came a time of trouble, a police officer
heads -      strange fantastic poses, bowed shoulders, bent knees, heads thrown
well -      "Where's your warrant?" asked McGinty. "By Gar! a man might as well
well -      "Well, certainly that is also a conceivable hypothesis," said Holmes,
river -      Dock and found that she had been taken down the river by the early
woking -      If you are ready we will start at once for Woking, and see this
forth -      forth. And I would have you believe, my sons, that the same Justice
hope -      "--in the hope that we may find something which may bear upon our
town -      lady's window. There is an early train to town, Watson, but I think
began -      crazed with fear before ever he began to run."
moor -      "I don't know. It's a sound they have on the moor. I heard it once
how -      look it over and to show us how we can set it right.'
mortimer -      evidence points to this man, Mortimer Tregennis, having been the
how -      I saw no more of Holmes during the day, but I could well imagine how
way -      concealed from the husband. The nurse's nerve had given way; she
how -      "How's the arm?" asked the Boss.
sudden -      sudden, bloody, and mysterious. Yet may we shelter ourselves in the
rooms -      is going to bring you up to my rooms, and I shall ask you for a true
more -      perform one more feat? I should not ask it of you if I did not think
charles -      "The facts of the case are simple. Sir Charles Baskerville was in the
cross -      cross my mind. There is, as you may have observed, a bicycle shop
burn -      order. We had to burn their breaker last year before they became
coombe -      morning I shall find my way to Coombe Tracey, and if I can see this
catch -      and peered through the trees. Far away I could catch glimpses of the
steel -      lunching with me. May he share your hopes? He has nerves of steel,
sudden -      the creature frightened at the sudden glare, and with the strange
cross -      the postmark "Charing Cross," and the date of posting the preceding
more -      life or death," said he as he handed me the note. "I know no more
sea -      On the land side our surroundings were as sombre as on the sea. It
more -      for my Italian was even more limited than his English, so I shrugged
more -      in his easy, genial way. "That tries a man's nerves more than work,
drawbridge -      On reaching the Manor House, the sergeant had found the drawbridge
hatherley -      "That's it!" cried Hatherley, in intense excitement. "There is the
raise -      he. 'I could not bear the disgrace. I must raise the money in some
flush -      flush sprang into his thin cheeks. For an instant the veil had lifted
how -      "I'll tell you what I did first, and how I came to do it afterwards,"
pocket -      distance when I put my hand into the pocket in which I usually kept
more -      along the Parade, and I was never more than a hundred yards from
how -      "I fail to see how you could have done more."
lancaster -      proceeded afterwards to the house of Mr. Aloysius Doran, at Lancaster
hope -      little glimpse of hope which had been presented to him, and he even
high -      high spirits. "It is a little off the beaten track, isn't it?" said
well -      "Well, well, we can't expect to have it all our own way, Watson," he
cascade -      lay upon the table and tore the lid from it. Out there fell a cascade
send -      to send two odd ears as a pair."
street -      Street. It was boisterous October weather, and we had both remained
knock -      there was a knock outside, and his landlady brought to him a note
how -      indicate how the matter might be treated. Finally, when he read in
well -      "Quite so. We know pretty well who the men are and where to find
crow -      But you do occasionally find a carrion crow among the eagles. Let us
trough -      was seen swinging in the trough of a wave, with the letters "L. S."
wish -      already explained, has got out of order, and we wish your advice upon
sudden -      too clear that some sudden and terrible disaster had occurred during
mark -      so readily that hardly any mark was left behind. One tiny speck of
bath -      "It is worth a mud bath," said he. "It is our friend Sir Henry's
more -      open ears and more surprise than he ventured to show to what
well -      is anything you would wish more light upon--well, I am here to give
guide -      "Well, sir," said the guide, "it seemed, if I may be so bold as to
wish -      the shortest time possible. I only wish to verify my details in one
eye -      first to the eye as our fair visitor stood framed for an instant in
shop -      stopped at the shop of Harding Brothers, whence the bust had been
weeks -      Pondicherry, seven weeks elapsed between the threat and its
lady -      "And in some ways a worse one," added White Mason. "The lady has
rose -      Far away, from among the Kentish woods there rose a thin spray of
home -      earn a living here at home. He shan't know either; for he has got too
moat -      "It has struck me that it is our duty to drain the moat, in the hope
row -      "Quite in the back row, eh? But her brother was well up to the front.
brougham -      wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street. "If you will be
old -      might come from Beddoes, warning an old confederate that such a
scotland -      "The alarm had reached Scotland Yard by this time, and Mr. Forbes,
common -      it's just inconceivable! It's clean against common sense! I put it to
lodge -      they had to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once
lady -      "They've gone, Mr. Holmes. They went by the last train. The lady
close -      that he feels my toe very close behind his heel."
north -      carpet-bag politicians who had been sent down from the North.
moor -      "It is a wonderful place, the moor," said he, looking round over the
box -      cardboard box was inside, which was filled with coarse salt. On
river -      side of the river. When once I found them out I knew that I had them
barney -      "You do indeed seem to know everything. Well, it is true. Barney and
real -      a real snorter it is!"
well -      "Well, to come to an end of the matter, Mr. Holmes, and not to abuse
middle -      I'll take the arm-chair in the middle. I think that we are now
pocket -      and then, drawing a jemmy from his inside pocket, he knelt down and
lady -      expressed it, since this young lady was in a sense under your
lady -      that I loved this lady, but from the day when she chose my friend
tore -      presence--tore it up furiously in a tempest of passion. 'I never wish
hilton -      even more essential that we should not lose an hour in letting Hilton
angle -      hung at a dreadful angle to his body, and the clatter of his heels
lead -      to lead him back to King's Pyland, and how the devil had shown him
london -      garden is a hundred yards from the main London to Chatham road. It
old -      Holmes, that a man of a good old family should marry a wife in this
philadelphia -      Philadelphia or New York, where we would be safe from them."
dawn -      larger. From the first blush of dawn until the closing of the
stand -      the sort that squeals. But still it is not for me to stand between
more -      bloodstains. He was young, not more than five-and-twenty, I should
how -      It was amusing to me to see how the detective's overbearing manner
brougham -      Jove! here is the brougham coming round the corner. Quick, Watson,
cross -      description attracted much attention at Charing Cross Station on
way -      "Did any of them know their way about in the office?"
more -      Holmes said little more, but the picture of the old roysterer seemed
sheet -      beyond it, so that the sheet of water, though turbid, was never
lodge -      incurred the anger of the Bodymaster the night before. The lodge sign
pocket -      McMurdo took the letter from his pocket.
borne -      time and showed that he had done his duty well and had borne the
strand -      once more at our Strand restaurant. He shrugged his shoulders when I
stone -      "And yet, Watson--and yet! This bridge--a single broad span of stone
bank -      heart of that crawling bank. The cloud was within fifty yards of
how -      each other. A single flash--that is A, surely. Now, then. How many
turn -      "That he was, sir. I never got such a turn in my life as when I saw
california -      "Was there anything curious about his life in California?"
read -      But I was still far from satisfied. "In the example which you read to
botany -      5. Botany.--Variable. Well up in belladonna, opium, and poisons
hope -      repeated expeditions into the mountains in the hope of capturing or
turn -      subject. Turn over those papers and arrange the extracts in their
point -      importance of the point struck me so forcibly that I sent a special
old -      to a park gate, which was opened for us by an old lodge-keeper, whose
eye -      fact. Miss Burnet has not been seen by any human eye since the night
lady -      "The lady could not move her bed. It must always be in the same
way -      walked part of the way seemed probable enough in view of the fineness
how -      the past of this Trevor, pugilist, traveler, and gold-digger, and how
town -      and unclubable men in town.  No member is permitted to take the least
more -      "No, she struck him savagely. It is the more terrible as he is a poor
way -      "There is your hat, then, and there your bird," said he. "By the way,
guide -      had it not been so. 'D'--that should be a guide."
wish -      "He is below and would wish to see you."
flat -      The door of the left-hand flat upon the third landing was standing
america -      her in America," she continued, "it was only because her health was
water -      and the shadow of the great cliff lay black across the water, which
brougham -      lamplight inside the brougham had given him the data for his swift
glass -      "I think that this should do," said he, glancing into the glass above
court -      at the conclusion and was carried out of court."
stapleton -      the arrival of Henry Baskerville. Stapleton's first idea was that
stapleton -      Spanish-American countries. The man, like Mrs. Stapleton herself,
more -      more for the instant, but before I leave this house I hope I may have
stair -      hear his step upon the stair!"
kennington -      remarkable fate. Let us make for Mr. Morse Hudson, of the Kennington
mark -      clearly the mark of the waning year. Yellow leaves carpeted the lanes
brunton -      "'"You don't deserve much consideration, Brunton," I answered. "Your
south -      for the future, and his taste for entomology to the south of England.
stream -      stream upon the stair, some going up in hope, and some coming back
law -      adherents might have terrified the guardians of the law. In vain they
height -      height, slim, with dark hair and eyes, which seemed the darker
quarter -      But if he gained favour with his fellows, there was another quarter,
sheet -      my heart leaped to see that beneath it there lay a sheet of paper
stand -      As the drag drew up in the enclosure near the grand stand I glanced
how -      "'How would fifty guineas for a night's work suit you?' he asked.
way -      He strode off upon his way, while Stackhurst, with angry eyes, stood
lady -      believe that a single lady can get on very nicely upon an income of
baldwin -      McMurdo. "And you, Baldwin, if you don't take your hand off your
lady -      from the room until eleven-twenty, the hour of the return of Lady
read -      read the advertisement about it in The Times every day lately. It is
hope -      Young Jefferson Hope rode on with his companions, gloomy and
true -      lover, which was all perfectly true.
way -      is in such capable hands. By the way, Mrs. Maberley, did you say you
well -      "Well, I followed you to your door, and so made sure that I was
began -      the ivy-covered wall. As we watched him he suddenly began with
well -      my mind if someone knew the truth before I died.' 'Well,' says I, 'if
moor -      fear was on them, but they still followed over the moor, though each,
water -      into a small parcel, and filled a stoneware jar with water, for he
lane -      the snow, and ran down the lane, where he could see a dark figure in
home -      furniture is from my old home, and it is, as you see, very good, so
street -      "No--except that it was Leadenhall Street."
well -      That was where I went astray. Well, well, Inspector, I often ventured
old -      for dawdling, especially as the old man is aware that we are
crown -      "Ah! Billy told me--the missing Crown jewel!"
point -      point is, have you or have you not the bearing and deportment of a
berkshire -      "Is there good fishing in that part of Berkshire?" The honest trainer
white -      white, nervous fingers he adjusted the delicate needle, and rolled
old -      not have much chance of getting it. Godfrey was not fond of the old
lodge -      Lodge 249. He says:
well -      and his methods were new to him. "Well, if it is good enough for the
town -      hurried to the town. McMurdo was absorbed and silent; but he showed
middle -      middle of it. My word! it is a snorter."
white -      The man turned white to the roots of his hair.
mortimer -      "What is this, Perkins?" asked Dr. Mortimer.
sunset -      sunset. That would be nearer half-past four than six at this time of
pocket -      glass in his pocket.
quick -      "Why, I thought the country was full of it. You'll hear quick enough.
steel -      lashed out, and the steel shoe had struck Straker full on the
mortimer -      Mortimer, with whose opinion he himself pretended to coincide. He
lordship -      my practical joke. Billy, you will show his Lordship out, and tell
more -      over his eyes, and his smoke had curled up more thickly from his pipe
wish -      said the icy voice. 'I have obeyed my father's wish in seeing you,
more -      "I could not trust myself to speak longer with the man. The more I
harden -      Harden, the well-known tobacco millionaire, had been subjected. My
old -      old Nevada mines, there to recruit his health and to amass money
douglas -      and his wife. Douglas was a remarkable man, both in character and in
thorpe -      projected from a grove of trees. "That's Ridling Thorpe Manor," said
way -      to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in."
well -      "Well, that is pretty clear also. There are evidently only two of
how -      "How do you know, then?"
well -      We had got well out on the country road when a somewhat mortifying
valley -      that it might have suggested the story. We found a short valley
white -      his venomous, menacing eyes amid the white swirl of the waters. At
stone -      gateway of lichen-studded stone, each side pillar surmounted by
aston -                         Apply Grosvenor Buildings, Aston
well -      "'Well,' said I, 'the gentleman at No. 4.'
station -      The train pulled up at a small wayside station and we all descended.
london -      London--eastern division. Within are the very words which were upon
turn -      a turn which neither of us could have anticipated. We were at
pocket -      were taken.  In my haste I thrust the key into my pocket, and dropped
emsworth -      that he is no longer a free agent. I warn you, Colonel Emsworth, that
charles -      from Sir Charles for the legal expenses connected with your divorce?"
home -      recognition.  You then, as I understand, followed her home and saw
city -      She had reached the outskirts of the city when she found the road
charles -      self-respect--everything. I knew Sir Charles's generosity, and I
eye -      don't care a plug which you do. I tell you I've not shut an eye in
hound -      The giant hound was dead.
lawn -      other hand, he could get out on to the lawn with ease. Anything
how -      forever just beyond your reach. That was how I felt that evening as I
white -      "And in some ways a worse one," added White Mason. "The lady has
start -      edge and wave his handkerchief to us when they start. We shall be
kent -      Lee, in the county of Kent."
well -      "Well," I said, laughing, "I am prepared to take your word for it.
moor -      of the narrow road told me that we were back upon the moor once
strand -      from here to the Strand."
tone -      sternest tone. "Who is this? And what is it doing here?"
brunton -      "'By Jove!' cried my client. 'That's Brunton's muffler. I have seen
moor -      lived thickly on the moor, and as no one in particular has lived
way -      The chamber in which we found ourselves was about ten feet one way
den -      above the opium den when I looked out of my window and saw, to my
mountain -      haunted the lonely mountain gorges. Once a bullet whistled through
balmoral -      that the Duke of Balmoral has been compelled to sell his pictures
link -      move a bit too quick for me, Mr. Holmes. You leave out a link or two,
moor -      would be safer on the moor than anywhere else until the hue and cry
raise -      "And so heavy!" she exclaimed, trying to raise it. "The box alone
deal -      with which we have to deal, and we must not permit our attention to
main -      made up my mind on the main facts. As to poor Lestrade's discovery it
old -      I thought of what I might do in the old country with it, and how my
baldwin -      apple of my throat. I say to you, Ted Baldwin, what is the offense,
tor -      I wished to go in that direction and to search the tor, but it was
town -      town. We hope very soon to return to Devonshire. Will you remember to
comfort -      lodgings and comfort until the time for action should arrive? McGinty
heath -      "It could not have been on the side of the heath or I should have
well -      "Here are your reports, my dear fellow, and very well thumbed, I
rose -      Baskerville Hall rose above the trees. They were the only signs of
way -      chance which fortune had thrown in my way.
cornwall -      Cornwall when for two hours he discoursed upon celts, arrowheads, and
pocket -      opposite parapet, whipped his lens from his pocket, and began to
laid -      immediately behind you." He stepped past and laid his hand upon the
hilton -      wrought. Are you aware that Mrs. Hilton Cubitt has herself lain under
well -      "Well, she had a slate-coloured, broad-brimmed straw hat, with a
rooms -      end. If you will come round once more to my rooms at six o'clock
wish -      would wish me to go with him, nor could I understand how we could
middle -      Baskerville Hall in the middle."
mason -      It was pitch-dark and without a moon, but Mason led us over the
harmony -      off to violin-land, where all is sweetness and delicacy and harmony,
hope -      The Rucastles will be gone by that time, and Toller will, we hope, be
street -      left in charge of the Godolphin Street house. As to the housekeeper,
old -      interesting account of the old building, purchasable at the modest
sheet -      The inspector drew a folded sheet of foolscap from his pocketbook.
valley -      Bodymaster McGinty and the Valley of Fear."
midway -      to his feet and half drew his revolver; but his arm stopped midway as
whitney -      such a quiet air of mastery. I felt, however, that when Whitney was
law -      law.
sound -      heard a shuffling sound outside, and then two sharp taps with the
how -      I explained everything to him: how I had found it impossible to
plantation -      plantation.'
grey -      an inexorable purpose in his grey eyes. I exchanged some remarks with
old -      little wrinkled old fellow, was in the conventional costume of black
scott -      J. H. Scott. But I am in luck to meet a brother so early."
rope -      at him with the rope's end and cursed him for a little blood-thirsty
old -      "He was summoned once for a savage assault upon the old vicar, who
norman -      for I want to go to Halle's concert to hear Norman Neruda this
well -      "Well, the name has a familiar sound. Someone in a novel, was he not?
more -      "Well, have you anything more?"
wells -      knew by experience that the mountain wells were few and far between.
well -      three strips. No finger impressions--no! Well, he carried over this
how -      about it soon enough. How sweet the morning air is! See how that one
newfoundland -      Beside him lay a dark mass which looked like a Newfoundland dog. The
wish -      all. I wish to be perfectly frank with you, Mrs. Lyons. We regard
middle -      "About two feet at each side and three in the middle."
prescott -      identified as Rodger Prescott, famous as forger and coiner in
hole -      he depart? Ah, of course, here is a hole in the roof." With great
way -      "No, sir, but the food was gone when next I went that way."
how -      "But how?  An accident?"
way -      "'It was in this way. We had gone on the May Day for a round voyage
sheet -      The Boscombe Pool, which is a little reed-girt sheet of water some
rock -      officer of the Rock of Gibraltar. From the first day I met her she
hound -      of the hound. I was in time to see the beast spring upon its victim,
porlock -      way from its great attachment. Porlock is not quite a sound
mark -      Mr. Holmes, but they've got a bit over the mark this time."
station -      to be at the Norwood Police Station, and was on the ground within
more -      "No more words. Get out!"
stout -      The village shop provided a ball of stout twine.
street -      It was late that evening before I returned to Baker Street and gave
kettle -      kettle was singing on the fire, and a large black cat lay coiled up
home -      "But when one gets old one has a longing for home.  For years I've
well -      "Well, now I come to the queer part of my story. About a week ago--it
east -      They are suspicious folk in the East, however: so what does this
vicarage -      invitation we had taken tea at the vicarage and had come to know,
mark -      gained.' Mark that, Watson. Now, then, listen to this. 'They are
van -      and Van Shorst, and the Nicholson family, and old Mr. Hyam, and
well -      "'Well, you certainly touched upon rather a tender point. Might I ask
more -      has become even more serious."
box -      may turn our thoughts into more pleasant channels. I have a box for
weeks -      ten weeks of agony the stolen papers were within the very room with
point -      been with Sir Henry and you it is confident that my point of view
hope -      solid stepping-stones on which we may hope to get across to our
well -      "Or a fiend. Well, it was not to talk of my poor lad that I asked you
bold -      bold or less murderous than his companion, had assisted the woman to
boot -      spirits, swinging an old elastic-sided boot in his hand. He chucked
hampstead -      beyond a remark that his time was spent at Hampstead, and that it was
lodge -      in London while I examined Wisteria Lodge. Then I came into town,
catch -      catch this fellow you will find that he has one of these multiplex
touch -      States that can touch them. Sure, have we not tried it often enough
way -      wielded in a sudden and arbitrary way. Only once did McMurdo see him,
lead -      which was a Penang-lawyer weighted with lead, was just such a weapon
summit -      in front of us. On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian
village -      at one point where the little cove and village of Fulworth break the
wall -      take our own part. We'd soon be against the wall if we didn't shove
prescott -      Yard when the Prescott outfit was discovered, for, though they knew
hill -      it. I have seen something of the sort on the side of a hill near
high -      Broadmoor than the scaffold. He has, to a high degree, the sort of
pool -      pool. The head had been beaten in by repeated blows of some heavy and
upwood -      dispossess the fair French lady and the infamous Upwood. So far as
more -      been told more than once in the newspapers, but, like all such
well -      "Well, well, let us see how he gets on," said my friend,
more -      flame-like intuitions and impressions flash up the more vividly and
well -      "Dorak--a curious name. Slavonic, I imagine. Well, it is an important
bank -      The Capital and Counties Bank, Oxford Street branch, are my agents."
keeping -      keeping that narrative which I read to you when first I came. I
mark -      held sway so long and left their mark so deep. There he sat, with his
village -      in this village were devoted to a series of walks in which in the
cross -      himself, and allowed no other foot to cross the threshold. There are
more -      friend's death, lest someone should forestall me in a more sudden and
way -      It was a quarter-past nine when I started from home and made my way
hole -      hole, therefore, in the lath-and-plaster ceiling of the highest room,
borne -      strong cigar was borne to our nostrils. Then the footsteps continued
douglas -      that's not a recognized official term. It gave the name John Douglas.
how -      "I do not understand how you know these things," she said. "Giuseppe
spring -      first to spring to his feet.
wish -      "I do not wish to make a mystery," said he, laughing. "The matter was
well -      which I thought it well to perform myself that night. As I came down
send -      tried to send a message that it was she--the she whom he had just
how -      "That is how I read it," said I.
station -      Harding Brothers, two doors from the High Street Station. A great
saints -      in those days in the Land of the Saints.
bold -      it, and yet I had to keep a bold and smiling face; for well I knew
aldgate -      tunnel. Aldgate is a junction, and there was a network of points. On
eye -      station. I kept my eye on her after that, for I knew there was some
cunningham -      "My good sir," said Mr. Cunningham with some impatience, "this is
charles -                              Charles Augustus Milverton,
high -      high walls of clipped hedge, with a narrow band of grass upon either
north -      "And I am for north," said I, "because there are no hills there, and
drum -      within the drum showed that it was fully loaded. He quickly restored
manor -      three people concerned, and the scene is a grand old manor house, the
flint -      quite superficial." His face set like flint as he glared at our
old -      "This hat is three years old. These flat brims curled at the edge
oldacre -      carried on his business as a builder for many years. Mr. Oldacre is a
lawn -      with eager activity. He was out on the lawn, in through the window,
point -      "Thank you, Miss Dunbar. Is there any other point which could help me
cross -      the honor of your mother, by the cross of your faith, to raise no
dull -      went through his duties in a dull mechanical way. "The prisoner will
old -      lying with the old farmer in his last silent resting-place.
steel -      steel harpoon had been driven, and it had sunk deep into the wood of
tavistock -      who may wish to enjoy the pure Dartmoor air. Tavistock itself lies
hound -      The hound was secured, and together we carried the professor up to
white -      "Don't mind me," said Hope faintly. He was white to the very lips,
sheet -      piles of varying amount. There were some figures also upon a sheet of
way -      an aggrieved voice. "I'll wager he found his way home all right."
harley -      Agar, of Harley Street, whose dramatic introduction to Holmes I may
how -      "How can you tell? The example of patient suffering is in itself the
rattle -      stairs, the bang of a door, and the crisp rattle of running footfalls
audley -      duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park
town -      course beyond the town. His face was grave, and his manner was cold
village -      "Some curious person from the village, perhaps," I suggested.
toller -      "I am sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller," said Holmes, "for you
pitt -      In half an hour we had reached Pitt Street, a quiet little backwater
stand -      sake, Ettie, let it stand at that!" he cried. "Will you ruin your
station -      addressed him as he waited at the station. McMurdo turned away and
crown -      "Yes, that is the Crown."
london -      gravitated to London, that great cesspool into which all the loungers
box -      round the central table while the Inspector unlocked a square tin box
more -      which he was received by the more turbulent of our people. You felt
liverpool -      the Liverpool force, and asked him to find out if Mrs. Browner were
rise -      tries to rise above Nature one is liable to fall below it. The
well -      "Well, it was only a paragraph, and all wrong at that, so you have
well -      planting, where I hear that he is doing well. As to the sailor and
city -      I have no doubt that I should have been arrested either at my City
way -      patent facts which are to be deduced from his hat. Also, by the way,
well -      the vile association of which he was now a member. "I like it well,"
old -      very old and said to be dying, might have disinherited him if he had
coat -      upon myself in the bedroom that morning. Then I seized my coat, which
university -      cloud not only on the college, but on the University. Above all
well -      A flush sprang to the white cheeks of the stranger. "Well then," said
spring -      down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a
sudden -      sudden death of the man Hope, who was suspected of the murder of Mr.
read -      keeping that narrative which I read to you when first I came. I
sudden -      a sudden crash the door flew open, and three frowning, intent faces
well -      Professor. His health--well, I don't know that it's better nor worse
well -      respectable citizens, well clad and cleanly; but a judge of faces
street -      into the cab when we had descended to the street.
old -      known. We emerged at last into a small road, lined with old, gloomy
hope -      in the dock.  You hope to beat me.  I tell you that you will never
heath -      The heath was covered with golden patches of flowering gorse,
bradley -      view. When you pass Bradley's, would you ask him to send up a pound
manor -      of the Manor House had, however, with characteristic energy, set this
moor -      possible to see the moor."
more -      rather than those more superficial ones for which our artificial
street -      street I could see a great blue anchor tattooed on the back of the
wooden -      sixpence. Now it has, you see, been twice mended, once in the wooden
quick -      Forbes this morning. If he is quick enough to catch his bird, well
crooks -      knowledge of the crooks of Chicago prepared me to find that he might
street -      missing, or you would find yourself in Queer Street. I'm sorry to
moor -      about the convict on the moor?"
dull -      A figure was approaching us over the moor, and I saw the dull red
reach -      reach the papers?"
kennington -      duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park
began -      the horror of the thing.  Then I began to think of Holmes's own
well -      disgrace as well. But what is the meaning of these "head-keepers" and
more -      irregular and rock-strewn paths. More than once they lost their way,
letters -      description of him and any letters of his which you can spare."
began -      my heart began to sink, and I came to believe that I should never
bank -      I'll have the plate moved over to the bank this evening. In the
brixton -      Brixton Road. It was precious dirty and lonely. Not a soul did I meet
ore -      commands a view down Howe Street, with its ore pretentious houses.
way -      it made me angry to see the easy way in which Mr. Windibank--that is,
tone -      Something in his tone caught my ear, and I turned to look at him. An
leatherhead -      "I started from home before six, reached Leatherhead at twenty past,
bare -      woods upon their flanks, the high, bare crowns of the mountains,
tor -      "Out by the Cleft Tor, I think."
sheet -      reverently under a sheet.
more -      person or persons unknown, I realized more clearly than I had ever
old -      old in the mouse-coloured dressing-gown which he took from his
scotland -      Inspector Lestrade, of Scotland Yard, who is following up the clues
brunton -      now, and when you go downstairs just say that I wish to see Brunton."
read -      read so much has been long ere this smudged by the rain and defaced
mortimer -      side upon it. Mr. Mortimer Tregennis was more self-contained than the
green -      with me in the Park, where the first faint shoots of green were
old -      Wilson between three and four this morning. My word! I made the old
began -      matter. The lady began to show some curious traits quite alien to her
border -      grass border. "Our lady must have picked her steps carefully, must
point -      hands. If there is any point which I have not made clear, pray
flushing -      flushing up at the sight of the bitter sneer upon the man's face, "it
county -      our county magnates, had his house broken into last Monday. No great
old -      "But when one gets old one has a longing for home.  For years I've
sound -      We all stood still and listened.  A low moaning sound was coming from
stones -      that we would give him a price for the stones he held--Â£1000 apiece.
harker -      had a lamp overlooking it. Since Harker's bust was one in three the
more -      that case, Miss Stoper, I had best inspect a few more of your young
more -      attention became more engrossed by the case. "Fortune has been your
well -      "Well, if you were to pull down a bell-rope, Watson, where would you
bradley -      the stub of a cigarette marked Bradley, Oxford Street, I know that my
street -      Baker Street with a printed description of the dark face of the
west -      suppose, for argument's sake, that young Cadogan West had determined
moat -      Holmes walked to the edge of the moat and looked across. Then he
old -      cannot possibly leave London while old Abrahams is in such mortal
oakshott -      I found Sir Leslie Oakshott, the famous surgeon, in the hall and his
british -      "You told me that he had some small office under the British
south -      as it was, everything seemed to fit. Leprosy is not uncommon in South
lead -      facts together, and whither do they lead? I could only determine that
steps -      steps forward and raised a heavy stick which he carried. "Do you hear
start -      to. The other is the bicycle with the patched Dunlop. Before we start
home -      home as he could, and his second was to cultivate a friendship with
well -      "Well, he was once Senator for some Western state, but is better
deal -      "Not been long in practice, but has had a good deal to do. Come to
victoria -      professional chambers in Victoria Street.
stamford -      "Dr. Watson, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said Stamford, introducing us.
middle -      "Yes, from that window. They broke off in the middle. We came over to
thames -      over the dreary marshes of the Thames and the long, sullen reaches of
law -      their suspicions aroused? It is a case, my dear Watson, where the law
way -      and we can have some lunch on the way. I observe that there is a good
well -      "Well, that is not unknown among stepmothers. A posthumous jealousy,
farmers -      that he has gone, and the outlying farmers sleep the better in
town -      round him in the university town, and eventually he was compelled to
turn -      tested did he turn his sunburned aquiline face to his guest.
stand -      question. Never mind me. I shall stand behind this holly-bush and see
wood -      plucked out from under his covering a short, round piece of wood,
stone -      and older jewels every facet may stand for a bloody deed. This stone
stand -      visitor or to stand upon his dignity.
north -      "I had a school," said Stapleton. "It was in the north country. The
london -      "'I care not. I am a stranger in London.'
mortimer -      Mortimer.
anderson -      Baldy Simpson-- and Anderson, and I. We were clearing brother Boer,
vicarage -      vicarage. You were wearing, I may remark, the same pair of ribbed
well -      "Well, I don't insist upon it. Whatever the cause, Colonel Moran
well -      "'"Ah, my boy," said he, "it is all very well to talk, but you don't
paddington -      the 10.30 train from Paddington."
orchard -      the orchard and the moor. One of them was suddenly shut off. The
hatherley -      return to Hatherley Farm. On the inspector of constabulary informing
county -      It would appear that when the County Delegate had sent over five good
church -      drive as far as Church Row. It is a quarter of an hour's walk from
stout -      stout, tall, gray-whiskered and solemnly respectable person was
well -      "Well, did you think of such a thing when you joined the Freeman's
close -      of bounding on and escaping, he returns to the woman, who was close
mortimer -      from the house. Mortimer the gardener, who wheels the bath-chair, is
norwood -                       THE ADVENTURE OF THE NORWOOD BUILDER
derby -      "No, I don't think I have anything rarer than a Crown Derby tea-set."
catch -      and had just time to catch a glimpse of something which I took to be
how -      "You will not apply my precept," he said, shaking his head. "How
how -      "You could not guess how long it had been there?"
well -      if this splinter be poisonous Thaddeus may as well have made
sea -      me at Plymouth. This villain had thought that I would be at sea
street -      you to be careful. Bring the box back with you to the Baker Street
sheet -      you have a sheet of stamps and a thick bundle of postcards.  What
touch -      sombre--a black frock-coat, dark trousers, and a touch of color about
well -      local repute of being a miser as well as a harsh and exacting
south -      article. You had known Ralph Smith in South Africa. You had reason to
lynch -      "There is a Judge Lynch that might try the case," said Brother
london -      London, sir."
borne -      "Yes, I have considered that. If the second word had borne any
old -      They still live with their old servants, who probably know so much of
old -      in a gloomy, faded old room. The lady questioned me eagerly about her
way -      "I see. But surely this event could not have found its way into the
more -      past, we shall meet once more in those rooms on Baker Street, where
old -      fox hunters. Strange that now in its old age this dark business
court -      hundred guineas, at a Jew broker's in Tottenham Court Road for
send -      could you go into the post-office for, then, but to send a wire?
vicarage -      Vicarage, where a big, solemn, rather pompous clergyman received us
london -      present--a great brain in London, and a dead man in Sussex. It's the
old -      "We must fall back upon the old axiom that when all other
fountain -      "Have you dragged the basin of Trafalgar Square fountain?" he asked.
rise -      clamped to the floor, instantly gave rise to the suspicion that the
wish -      were able to look after his wants. You would, naturally, wish to have
middle -      middle of the moor, with no sign of life near it--just the one
sway -      under his sway, and he looked equal to the task. He bowed with cold
more -      fifteen hours a day, and had more than once, as he assured me, kept
how -      helped to put you on our track; though how you kept on it is more
douglas -      secret in the life of this man Douglas. This leads to his murder by
hound -      compare it with the same hound as, with gleaming eyes and straining
west -      but that you were seen and followed by young Cadogan West, who had
village -      village inn over there?"
way -      "You may have observed the same wheel-tracks going the other way.
true -      "But they were true."
bow -      the bow window.
well -      "Well, sir, I thought no more of the matter, and never would have
lyons -      one that Mrs. Laura Lyons of Coombe Tracey had written to Sir Charles
old -      I was butler to old Sir Jabez Gilchrist, this young gentleman's
common -      common in old libraries. I observed that books were piled on the
way -      Mr. Bennett pushed his way through some shrubs, and we had a view of
station -      drove with me to the station and gave me his last parting injunctions
old -      chase. All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running
wood -      like a little chip of wood.
lady -      safety of Lady Frances. I can say no more for the instant. I will
rose -      bent down to it, and instantly rose again with a sharp intaking of
valley -      back from that dark valley in which all paths meet.
london -      Mr. Douglas seldom went to London or left the village; but on the day
shoscombe -                       THE ADVENTURE OF SHOSCOMBE OLD PLACE
lady -      have given me. The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in
holland -      Holland and we out of the country."
more -      "Well, I dare say he knows one or two more."
acton -      masters on the night when they made their raid upon Mr. Acton's, and
true -      silence of the dog, for one true inference invariably suggests
touch -      "'Arthur!' I screamed, 'you villain! you thief! How dare you touch
stream -      choking cough fell sideways into the stream. I caught one glimpse of
high -      "See, Watson!" said he. "'High red house with stone facings.' There
old -      very old, and only one wing is now inhabited. The bedrooms in this
began -      gone a little way when she began to limp and show every sign of being
prosper -      prosper! You won't mind my testing you, will you? Let me see. How are
edge -      her footmarks easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where
home -      home with us, and was apparently absolutely happy.
college -      "I am compelled, to begin with, to say something of my own college
college -      quite the oldest in the college, and it is not unusual for visitors
touch -      confidence in the case, I knew that he was in close touch with every
griggs -      and then dimly I remembered a group of men. Leonardo, Griggs, and
how -      "Very likely. How far do you think it is?"
grey -      mistaking those grey horses.
hope -      would say the most silent in the world. Then he could hope when the
green -      "Yes,--that green lamp at the side."
london -      hold the London message-boy. There's a deed of violence indicated in
blacker -      "It seems to leave the darkness rather blacker than before."
puddle -      breadth of a puddle on the garden walk which he had evidently walked
willows -      bed, and Dr. Willows says that he is a wreck and that his nervous
oldacre -      Oldacre, I stayed at an hotel in Norwood, and came to my business
countess -      Countess to part with half her fortune if she could but recover the
height -      height?"
more -      Thursday night, to be more exact--I found that I could not sleep,
reach -      any news or any message to reach him from without? Obviously by
tongue -      terrorized into paying public blackmail, and holding his tongue lest
began -      which began with "The Haven Horror" and ended with "Brilliant Police
lee -      he bought a small place called Woodman's Lee, near Forest Row, in
wing -      very old, and only one wing is now inhabited. The bedrooms in this
how -      intense face and contracted eyebrows told me how vain was now the
more -      have said more than I should. I am a faithful member--you all know
letters -      "How many letters did your Grace write that day?"
london -      Morse Hudson is the purveyor of busts in that part of London, and
london -      filed the agony columns of the various London journals. "Dear me!"
old -      "Do you think that was done last night? It looks rather old, does it
stand -      careful. I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal
how -      "Dear me, dear me, how unfortunate!" cried Milverton, taking out a
america -      which I have filled in America during my wandering life, I was once
lane -      ourselves in Kennington Lane, having borne away through the
deal -      sweet little problem, and I would not have missed it for a good deal.
london -      know, cut off my hair in London, and I had placed it in a great coil
well -      knew so well how to employ.
flat -      flat oval object. It is addressed to Mr. Garcia, Wisteria Lodge. It
how -      that! He was sent later to Allahabad. That was how I came into the
gang -      the papers which he needs to convict the gang are in pigeonhole M.,
way -      are. Nothing was found to implicate him in any way, and there the
london -      diamonds in London, and finally, when I would have nothing to do with
dartmoor -      there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for
hope -      Lower Gill Moor that we must hope for results. The police have really
way -      the whole case hung upon one point. Fixing her with my eye in a way
point -      home, I ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out
latimer -      off by the young Englishman named Harold Latimer."
more -      "We can talk it over more comfortably at home," said he. "I am not a
well -      "You may well look surprised, Dr. Watson; but it is this way," said
glass -      "A diamond, sir? A precious stone. It cuts into glass as though it
moor -      who will actually surround Sir Henry Baskerville upon the moor."
shelf -      shelf one of the ponderous commonplace books in which he placed his
northumberland -      agree. First we drove down to the Northumberland Hotel and waited
hayes -      I desire some light. This fellow Hayes had shod his horses with shoes
well -      named Waldron. Waldron's appearance was well remembered at the
real -      He made his money in real estate, and afterwards in the wheat pit at
mapleton -      Mapleton, and the long, sloping plain in front of us was tinged with
heads -      in a sombre tunnel over our heads. Baskerville shuddered as he looked
well -      for three weeks all would be well. Her maid's husband--this man
quick -      "I will do so, and I must be quick, for I have promised Mr. Rucastle
brixton -      "Ha! this may save us a visit to Brixton Road," whispered Holmes.
hilton -      that one evening we received a visit from an acquaintance, Mr. Hilton
greatness -      low but resolute voice, like one who realizes the greatness of the
cross -      small packet, each with the cross under the stamp which warned me not
piece -      "A piece of matting has been laid here at the side, and we have all
street -      street, is it not?"
station -      the little station it was a two-mile drive before we came to the
york -      guess that in New York this lady's husband will receive a pretty
park -      will go back with you to Tuxbury Old Park."
began -      of port after dinner, when young Trevor began to talk about those
mere -      In mere size and strength it was a terrible creature which was lying
wall -      street by a low wall and railing, the whole not more than five feet
street -      you could make it convenient to meet us at Baker Street at six
white -      gentle little white mouse of a woman. It was only the colonel himself
county -      donations to local and county charities have been frequently
reach -      reach that window-ledge and open that window. Getting back was
london -      "Yes, her father brought her over for this last London season. I met
more -      the more obese and unnatural by the contrast. He was clad only in his
deal -      pages which deal with that month have been torn from the book. It was
guide -      gloom to guide us on our sombre errand.
station -      ever, was waiting for us at the station. A walk of five minutes took
amberley -      neighbours about this man Amberley and his wife? That surely is of
stand -      stand."
deal -      He had travelled a good deal in his time."
more -      I cared nothing what became of me. What could be more dreadful than
park -      from your park gate."
mere -      all on fire to go over them. It was not mere curiosity, though I have
way -      and good. The man will carry your bags. This way, gentlemen, if you
ashes -      have been found among the charcoal ashes of the fire. The police
how -      ever known. How did you do it?"
station -      whipped up the horse and rattled off to Victoria Station.  On my
paris -      but I traced him back, Paris and Rome and Madrid to Barcelona, where
london -      consider how much creasote is carted about London in one day, it is
send -      exchange and send the single word 'Bolted.' I will arrange here that
more -      abusing Sir Henry, who offered explanations, which became more angry
lady -      "Yet if the lady is correct in saying that the flooring and walls are
moor -      the house--it commands the nearest outlook on the moor. There is an
haven -      judge? Haven't we tried that before now, and what ever came of it?"
how -      languid fashion. "May I ask, in the first place, Mr. McFarlane, how
old -      already applied for the protection of the law against an old rival in
well -      "I think not, Mr. Holmes. I know your character and methods too well,
read -      He handed over the book, and I read:
how -      "And now how was I to proceed to reconstruct this midnight drama?
way -      mentioned as standing near. In this way he found the place deserted.
toller -      "Is Toller still drunk?" he asked.
wood -      the school. From this wood the cycle must have emerged. Holmes sat
rope -      coil of rope was thrown carelessly together.
wig -      pigments and wig. Even a wife's eyes could not pierce so complete a
heads -      somewhere over our heads.  Holmes rushed to the door and out into the
valley -                                THE VALLEY OF FEAR
petty -      "There have," said I, "been numerous petty thefts."
well -      "We might possibly want him. Well, we can do no more until we see how
pocket -      roll from his pocket. "It is an ordinary plumber's smoke-rocket,
central -      approached by a double stair. From this central point two long
worth -      and he'd get the captain himself, if he thought him worth it."
more -      again, and Mr. Hosmer Angel could not come to the house any more."
eccles -      Spaniard and Scott Eccles. It was the former who forced the pace. He
stapleton -      Stapleton to his side. His arm was round her, but it seemed to me
street -      the fire in his lodgings at Baker Street, "life is infinitely
london -      come up to London with us."
send -      weak-minded. Of course it is his case. Send him that wire and let the
steps -      will bear upon it. What steps do you propose to take now, Lestrade?"
leicester -      "He is at present reported from Leicester, Nottingham, Southampton,
charles -      one that Mrs. Laura Lyons of Coombe Tracey had written to Sir Charles
well -      My companion started. "Well?" he asked in that vibrant voice which
brunton -      The girl must have waited above. Brunton then unlocked the box,
dartmoor -      "We have had a charming little breath of your beautiful Dartmoor
bridge -      she was down near Thor Bridge--that was the scene of the
british -      he had visited the British Museum. Save for this one excursion, he
well -      "Well, he wrote so furiously that he broke his pencil, and had, as
quick -      quick wit and a ready smile. And yet the man who studied him more
angle -      of plaster at the angle of Mr. Douglas's jaw. Did you observe that in
gang -      gang are here I don't see how they can escape. We have the news at
south -      Gorgiano, a man who had earned the name of 'Death' in the south of
more -      content with a limited plunder when there is much more within their
well -      "Well, Watson, we seem to have fallen upon evil days," said he in a
water -      collar, poured the cold water over his face, and raised and sank his
field -      "It opens a pleasing field for intelligent speculation. The words are
bohemia -      is a little souvenir from the King of Bohemia in return for my
london -      mystery if there is a man in London who prophesied the crime before
well -      "Well, you're out there, sir, as it happens, for he ate a remarkable
hedging -      there was draining and hedging, planting and clearing, until the next
way -      understandable that he should go out of his way to bring with him the
read -      of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read
well -      "Well, what am I to do, Mr. Holmes?"
london -      given no address. The valise was London made, and the contents were
village -      should be the village of Trumpington to the right of us. And, by
well -      always hit it off too well. The old man was sometimes a bully, and
way -      servants and others has failed to corroborate it in any way. On the
sudden -      with anxious attention; but now this sudden realization of his worst
well -      heart that wouldn't let her kill a fly. Well, I'll come at eleven
grey -      in his usual school suit of black Eton jacket and dark grey trousers.
way -      way. He got engaged to her when traveling last winter, and she came
more -      the public, and I even attempted more than once for my own private
old -      left-hand side of the passage. The old woman was pacing up and down
bank -      Counties Bank. There is no reason, therefore, to think that money
breach -      your breach of duty could never be discovered, and yet a mere glance
home -      to reach her own home.
sway -      admit him, and sway with pleasure at the very sight of him.
rode -      but three of them, the boldest, or it may be the most drunken, rode
basil -      inquired for Captain Basil made me understand that Holmes was working
more -      more of which neither of us could approve. She has no mother, and we
court -      duty now. You will find him at 46, Audley Court, Kennington Park
stapleton -      As I watched them Stapleton rose and left the room, while Sir Henry
grey -      last time in my life. Certainly a grey mist swirled before my eyes,
bulwark -      impenetrable "weald," for sixty years the bulwark of Britain. Vast
london -      from London to inquire more deeply into it."
began -      roared and the woman screamed, a man began shouting in terror."
wish -      "Certainly, if you wish it."
old -      look up at our old rooms--the starting-point of so many of our little
how -      What can I do? How am I to go to the police with such a story? And
turn -      "'I answered him, and asked in turn who I was talking with.
manor -      projected from a grove of trees. "That's Ridling Thorpe Manor," said
flash -      creature diabolical was a flash of genius upon his part. The dog he
lee -      "Near Lee, in Kent. We have a seven-mile drive before us."
deal -      "But you have seen a good deal of her since."
station -      being seen. They pulled up soon at the railway station. There was a
turn -      continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the
height -      It was the height of the reign of terror. McMurdo, who had already
point -      point, I noted that there were no other footsteps save those of
carey -      this shadow was certainly not that of Peter Carey, whom he knew well.
laid -      laid down his burden, and the next instant there was the sound of a
lady -      lady's marriage is a very suitable time for her friends and relatives
town -      of importance in town, and the account of it ran in this way:
charles -      late Sir Charles Baskerville," said he. "My friend here, Dr. Watson,
well -      Holmes as we made our way to the station. "Well, Watson, we have come
read -      parties had engaged my services. Perhaps you would care to read the
hill -      "Is a very simple one. I shall go down with Hill to the Italian
alton -      other Mrs. Oldmore and maid, of High Lodge, Alton.
sound -      "Perfectly sound!" said Holmes.
how -      peculiarity," he said. "A good many people have wanted to know how he
more -      him in a more communicative mood."
whitehall -      "Where could I have it safer? If we could take it out of Whitehall
edge -      which, by its contraction, has turned up the outer edge of his upper
armitage -      Armitage, of Crane Water, near Reading. My stepfather has offered no
way -      the rabbit warren which is upon the other side. On my way I saw
lane -      "The stable lane?" She raised her dark eyebrows. "What can he hope to
wish -      "Well, that's likely enough. But I wish to call your attention very
rose -      middle of the night he heard a soft tread pass his door, so he rose
way -      "In a vague way, yes."
highway -      Agent, Ratcliff Highway. Send three men on, to arrive ten to-morrow
lady -      Lady Frances seemed to have passed the last point of recall. And
laid -      look at it." He opened the case, and taking out the diadem he laid it
how -      the tobacconists call amber. I wonder how many real amber mouthpieces
how -      though how you forced my hand so that I have to tell it is more than
well -      case is rum. Well, what is it now?"
cross -      waste-paper baskets of the hotels around Charing Cross until we found
read -      "That was the narrative which I read that night to young Trevor, and
cross -      the immediate neighbourhood of Charing Cross. Do you see?"
home -      send Perkins and the wagonette home, and the opportunity was a good
lodge -      struggled. In vain the money of the lodge--money squeezed by
surrey -      An answer had arrived to Holmes's telegram before our Surrey officer
well -      "Well, it is very ingenious," said I, laughing; "but since, as you
lead -      gradients which lead from Stagville on the plain to Vermissa, the
stone -      another stone sang past me as I hung by my hands from the edge of the
laid -      "Well, we have them all laid out at the house if you would care to
hampshire -      but sat lost in thought until we pulled up in the little Hampshire
laid -      rung. Presently the landlady appeared with the tray, laid it down
how -      comrades? If you could see how things stand with me you could never
heads -      beams shot across above our heads, with a smoke-darkened ceiling
london -      influence. Came to London in 1893. Shot a man over cards in a
more -      do, for this misery is more than I can bear."
high -      found favour in the eyes of many who are high in the land."
farmers -      is a peculiarly desolate plain. A few moor farmers have small
way -      "No doubt; and yet it is not quite the way in which I should approach
more -      "Surely you do yourself an injustice. One more coruscation, my dear
read -      it was once explained. He read the thought upon my features, and his
oldacre -      was laid out. Afterwards Mr. Jonas Oldacre led me into his bedroom,
london -      a London house-agent!"
wish -      "It is true. And yet--Well! I wish she had been of my own station!
how -      my guard since then, though I have no idea how you know it.'
shawl -      in a shawl. He seemed to be all in a quiver with fear, for his hands
true -      learned the true facts under the pledge of professional secrecy, to
mortimer -      imagined," said Dr. Mortimer, gazing at my friend in amazement. "I
how -      been coming and going over it, I was unable to see how my companion
stone -      slab of stone which was choking her faithless lover's life out.
sussex -      At three in the morning the chief Sussex detective, obeying the
mortimer -      urgent call to Tredannick Wartha. Mr. Mortimer Tregennis naturally
city -      villas on either side were as silent and lifeless as some city in a
well -      "Well, it is a possible supposition."
prendergast -      had hatched it before they came aboard, Prendergast was the leader,
point -      with innumerable puncture-marks. Finally he thrust the sharp point
more -      "I think, your Grace, that I could speak more freely in Mr. Wilder's
began -      There was a scuffling of feet, and the lantern began to come steadily
moor -      mind to sleep on the moor, when I saw the light of your lantern.'
harker -      could not say that he had not found the pearl in Harker's bust. I had
how -      "But how about his food?"
pinner -      "Very possibly! Very possibly!" cried Mr. Pinner with a ghastly
glass -      the glass. His profile was half turned towards me, and his face
lock -      ceased. Then a key clicked in a lock and I heard the rustle of
water -      strength for the place where the haze still trailing over the water
hilton -      both Mr. Hilton Cubitt and his wife. She shot him and then
church -      make a church seem frivolous. A footman showed us into a great
well -      to be guarded, of course, in the old quarter as well as in that which
willoughby -      and passages which bore upon the next day's work. This Willoughby
deal -      deal table in the centre, and the big stove at one side. At each of
glass -      filled his glass again and leaned back in his chair, puffing at his
more -      ran through a dense shrubbery, and I saw no more of my man.
south -      two or three times a week. He is deeply interested in South African
sound -      heavy thud. We halted and listened. Not another sound broke the heavy
close -      My companion put his hand upon my shoulder and his lips close to my
pocket -      He took a paper from his pocket, and, unwrapping it carefully, he
pocket -      Stanley Hopkins drew a slip of paper from his pocket.
stand -      scholarship. He could hardly stand still, so great was his mental
well -      Lestrade knew my friend too well to disregard his words. He laid down
lady -      "Perhaps not. That is why I thought it best to summon this lady to
bank -      length, he threw it among a bank of brambles. "We must give the room
way -      shard to the light, but in no way did it differ from any other
send -      "One more direction! I wish you to drive to Merripit House. Send back
high -      It was, indeed, high time that someone capable of giving advice and
street -      of the deserted street reassured him. Turning his back upon us he
quarter -      it I passed an instructive quarter of an hour."
lodge -      the lodge, and we'll soon make old man Pinkerton sorry for himself."
oxshott -                                The Oxshott Mystery
white -      like a tiger and twisted his face towards the ground. A white pellet
moor -      on upon the moor," said Dr. Mortimer.
mortimer -      the house of Dr. Mortimer, stood high above the rest. The postmaster,
dully -      glimmered dully like a sheet of lead. The place was deserted and
green -      wayside hedges were just throwing out their first green shoots, and
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, there is no use denying that there is something on
shoscombe -      "I should say it was. That was the real Shoscombe breed. There ain't
way -      superscription. "By the way, what do you give him?"
farnham -      work, and I walked back in high spirits to Farnham. The local
dull -      aware of a dull muffled sound coming from the passage. I opened my
chatham -      garden is a hundred yards from the main London to Chatham road. It
mason -      we get London on to this case the better," said he. "White Mason is a
more -      very curious. Now he is off once more! AT--why he is repeating it for
stout -      the passage, and a very stout, portly man in a gray suit strode
more -      for his weakness, he rose once more.
glass -      really give your horses a rest, and come in to have a glass of wine
well -      "Well, I thought his name was known clear across the country. It's
how -      "But how about Mr. Hosmer Angel? Did he make no attempt to see you?"
stand -      but I can't stand his Lordship. Neither can Mr. Holmes, sir. You see,
deal -      certainly a country practitioner. And he walks a good deal."
steps -      It was not possible for me to follow the immediate steps taken by my
white -      saw Sir Henry looking back, his face white in the moonlight, his
lee -      days of our meeting he came to see me at Lee. One thing led to
milverton -      between this fellow Milverton and me. He had, as you saw, the best of
well -      blunt weapon. The injuries were such as might very well have been
law -      the eyes of the law. You have condoned a felony and you have aided
factory -      factory in which he worked, and he knew that he had only a few
street -      be less private than I expected. On the contrary, for a small street
how -      mission. You see how quickly the deed followed the sign when it came
rooms -      Lord St. Simon alone, and so we came right away round to his rooms at
stanley -      Stanley Hopkins drew a slip of paper from his pocket.
how -      "How do you know he wasn't a newspaper man?"
south -      "'North by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and
how -      "A murder--a most dramatic and remarkable murder. I know how keen you
wing -      house, especially the original wing, which is now practically
wish -      "Well, if you wish to see Godfrey, you shall. It is no doing of mine,
point -      daresay. There is one point which I should wish to determine." He
sudden -      was clear that something sudden and important had occurred."
way -      inside, and we can get away as we came. If they come the other way,
old -      clever, but the old hound is the best, when all is said and done."
old -      an old wharf which was never guarded, and there he was to pick me up.
well -      "Well, go on."
manor -      attention) this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name,
boot -      "Well, either that boot comes back before sundown or I'll see the
tang -      This little Tang specimen, which dates from the seventh century,
well -      thousand pounds. It would be as well, perhaps, for you to cross it.
lover -      "And who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for
leslie -      Leslie Armstrong.
hill -      Georgian, upon the crest of the hill. Beside us there was a long,
how -      few hours, three pipes, four pipes--I forget how many. But I'll go
north -      concealed, especially in so sparsely inhabited a place as the north
how -      died. My God! how he died! But my heart was flint, for he endured
philadelphia -      belonging to my dear daughter Alice (now in Philadelphia), which
sudden -      sudden turn to rain, with high autumnal winds, and the Jezail bullet
touch -      anxiety to oblige the Pope I lost touch with several interesting
beech -      its huge beech trees, is the ancient Manor House of Birlstone. Part
way -      when I had completed it. It ran in this way--
reach -      forever just beyond your reach. That was how I felt that evening as I
salt -      where now, at this moment, he works in a salt mine. Think of that,
rise -      nursery. Imagine his feelings, Mr. Holmes, as he saw his wife rise
bold -      Wily and bold, he and his companion threw their pursuer off their
spring -      of bright little seeds in each, out of which will spring the wise,
way -      "No? You surprise me. Look at it in this way, then. Captain Morstan
steps -      "I fancy that he had taken steps to make that draught efficacious,
way -      oven.  The man sat all twisted and huddled in his chair in a way
west -      "Tell us about Cadogan West."
more -      "No, sir. No more than you have. But I expect if we could lay our
more -      the results might be better. The more formal we made the visit the
park -      second-floor front of No. 427, Park Lane, upon the 30th of last
how -      "How do you know of him then?"
box -      document. The box was shut, locked, and returned to the bedroom.
popham -      John Scott Eccles, of Popham House, Lee?"
lane -      doubts and fears, she rushed down the lane and, by rare good-fortune,
well -      fright. The bed has been well slept in, you see. There's his
station -      Yard, and he was at the Birlstone station at twelve o'clock to
high -      uses instead of high ones would give some idea of the man. His face
street -      We were fairly accustomed to receive weird telegrams at Baker Street,
shade -      "Good Lord!" The boxer's sallow face turned a shade whiter.
how -      "I have long known, sir, how high is your sense of public duty," said
stair -      McMurdo dashed up the stair and pushed him back.
clayton -      "Now, Clayton, tell me all about the fare who came and watched this
lead -      following docilely wherever fact may lead me, and so, in the very
scotland -      The Scotland Yard inspector was still writing in the parlour when
west -      like an open wound lay low in the distant west. Above, the stars were
bridge -      which I may have acquired by adding the case of the Thor Bridge
read -      read by the fugitives without their seeing in it more than the
wooden -      the mud with his other foot, but his struggles only bored his wooden
wish -      any case I wish you to understand once for all that I love him and
stone -      to the scene of the crime! See the people concerned! Leave no stone
westward -      westward, and heavy clouds moved slowly across the sky, with half a
way -      "He looked at us in a queer way."
well -      "Well, let's hear the argument."
way -      "The best way of successfully acting a part is to be it," said
home -      "You want to go home, no doubt, Doctor," he remarked as we emerged.
old -      There was a distinct sneer in the old courtier's words and manner.
douglas -      Mrs. Douglas gave a cry of astonishment at Holmes's words. The
home -      flight. Thence he could look down upon the home of the saints. Worn
mortimer -      Mortimer had stayed to dinner, and he and the baronet played Ã©cartÃ©
douglas -      quarter-past eleven, when Mr. Douglas upon his usual nightly round
walls -      careful examination of the walls."
america -      American, or had lived long in America. So had Mr. Barker. You don't
mark -      hands, that they had the E. C. mark, and were in an illiterate
common -      kind are common enough in the annals of crime, and usually afford
stone -      largest stone in existence. Then there were ninety-seven very fine
friendly -      extraordinary vehemence with which their friendly advances had been
spring -      in turn to be startled herself. With a tiger spring he turned on her,
letters -      letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I
river -      looking down on the broad, winding river and on the twinkling lights
moor -      my search. From there I should explore every hut upon the moor until
more -      eager features became more attenuated with the asceticism of complete
quick -      can't sleep for fright. To hear his quick step moving here and moving
moor -      granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could
more -      feel that his presence there was more natural than your own. The
weeks -      concerns is in South America, and that some weeks must elapse before
wooden -      I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of the wooden case behind
way -      try to prepare a way of getting honourably out of it."
blackthorn -      raised above his head, and a heavy blackthorn stick lay across them.
more -      this is a little more possible. Listen to this: 'Be patient. Will
box -      turning up the gas. By the way, the prisoner has a small box in the
thorpe -      "That is what Mr. Hilton Cubitt, of Ridling Thorpe Manor, Norfolk, is
reach -      mantelpiece, could not quite reach it, put his knee on the
lady -      the lady absolutely refused to see a Swiss physician, and he could
central -      itself. If, after doing so, one simply knocks out all the central
main -      "Some of it, but the main part at the hotel."
well -      far my removal is absolutely essential. Well, I should say that, from
well -      "Well, I have fairly steady nerves, as you know, Mr. Holmes, but I
well -      "Well, then, in the first place I shall want a fast police-boat--a
deal -      you to realize those geographical features which may have a good deal
white -      It was nightfall before Inspector MacDonald and White Mason came back
old -      "If I tell her she will not believe me. You may remember the old
old -      only ten years of age at the time, but I was old enough to feel the
box -      box--an ivory box? It came on Wednesday. You opened it--do you
white -      candle. The limbs and body of some large, white bird, torn savagely
lock -      There's no safety for anyone until he is under lock and key."
moor -      solitary meditations upon the moor. The ancient Cornish language had
hill -      the South. Inspector Hill knew him the moment he caught sight of him.
success -      but without success. There was no slit through which a knife could be
pool -      struck shone upon his clotted fingers and upon the ghastly pool which
anchor -      with the young lady at the Blue Anchor, and receiving hard somethings
more -      making the case more difficult, have really had the effect of making
mapleton -      them, but half way up the yellow of the Mapleton stable showed to the
way -      'Seven-thirty, the day after to-morrow,' said he. You know his way
keeping -      that my last impression was in keeping with the rest.
wall -      the night. The garden was bounded by a three-foot brick wall with a
charles -      right-hand man of Charles the Second in his wanderings,' said my
mason -      smart man. No local job has ever been too much for White Mason. It
point -      think that we are wandering rather far from the point."
sudden -      to be dazzled by the sudden blaze of light, and after dropping a
middle -      something to his memory. We were in the middle of our lunch when he
shop -      these three were the only ones which had been in his shop for years.
well -      "'Well done, well done!  No ill-will, Mr. Melas, I hope, but we could
london -      as I remember, was full of kindness and love. On reaching London I
glass -      "Some cold beef and a glass of beer," he answered, ringing the bell.
white -      white snow, and jagged rock towered upon each flank, leaving a long,
more -      "Indeed, I have nothing more to tell. Once or twice it seemed to me
white -      and white near the lips, save for the nicotine stain from his
well -      ripened. Well, sir, I hope that you are none the worse!"
well -      "Don't touch me, Jimmie. Keep your distance. Yes, you may well stare!
moorside -      it down, man, write it down! 136 Moorside Gardens, N. W. Got it?"
northumberland -      floor of the Northumberland Avenue establishment there is an isolated
winchester -      Winchester. Let me know your train.
lodge -      a year. I reckon the lodge will learn to be proud of you ... Well,
more -      complexion was of a dead pallor, which was more startling by contrast
law -      justice can be gained. What does the law of England care for the
stream -      stream of life in the Strand, he told me something of what had
dunbar -      Whether Miss Dunbar was her rival in a physical or in a merely mental
old -      the old bureau in the inner study. Do you know his house?"
county -      supposition that these county magnates had had nothing to do with the
strode -      his pocket, a fierce-looking elderly man strode out from the gate
loose -      loose tweed suit, with a clean-shaved, ruddy face, a stoutish body,
way -      "Oh! he impressed you in that way, did he? There are the horses,
well -      Mr. Jabez Wilson laughed heavily. "Well, I never!" said he. "I
mere -      mere trampled line of slush, but to my trained eyes every mark upon
more -      or more. The cast was taken in two moulds from each side of the face,
openshaw -      Openshaw, and whose residence is near Horsham. It is conjectured that
reach -      door and which lured her within their reach."
march -      ten and eleven-twenty on the night of March 30, 1894.
glass -      glass in his pocket.
mere -      the idea that they are the mere random sketches of children.
norfolk -      Martin, of the Norfolk Constabulary, and he was considerably
stock -      "'Yes. I read the stock exchange list every morning.'
frame -      Even in his chastened frame of mind the noble miser could give us no
how -      gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose
summit -      friend had fallen, and from the summit we gazed out over the shadowy
real -      a certain conviction as to the real facts?"
hope -      It was as well that his prairie training had given Jefferson Hope the
rose -      rocket, rushed from the room, and I have not seen her since. I rose,
springs -      was running hard, with occasional little springs, such as a weary man
prospect -      prospect. If he has been working among us all that time with the
london -      I have said that he is the worst man in London, and I would ask you
overton -      Cyril Overton pressed his hands to his head. "I can make nothing of
hope -      "'I hope that I have said nothing to pain you?' said I.
wish -      "But what is it you wish?"
old -      and down. "Here's an old acquaintance!"
ireland -      the north of Ireland, and, to the best of Miss Cushing's belief, from
lady -      There is our problem. She is a lady of precise habits, and for four
reach -      Little Purlington is not an easy place to reach, for it is on a
box -      our letter box. "Dear me, Mr. Holmes. Dear me!" said this singular
rise -      upon him, and that his brilliant reasoning power would rise to the
turn -      any answer, and then tried to turn the handle and force it open. It
cross -      House-surgeon, from 1882 to 1884, at Charing Cross Hospital. Winner
guide -      the porch, and our guide, stumbling among heaps of loose masonry,
well -      "Indeed. That is very interesting. Well, good-bye," he added as the
stoke -      "Stoke Moran?" said he.
city -      from her father in the City, and was dashing in as she had done many
lady -      "You say, Watson, that the lady is not there?" Holmes asked, when I
lady -      clear'--here she turned eyes upon my companion--'who this young lady
old -      old women to be so taken in. It must have been a young man, and an
edge -      darkness. A small taper on the edge of the table shed a feeble light
letters -      Holmes shook his head. "Look at his long letters," he said. "They
victoria -      engineer, 16A, Victoria Street (3rd floor)." That was the name,
pocket -      into his pocket and was gone. A few minutes elapsed, as you remember,
court -      Ross, at the offices of the League, 7 Pope's Court, Fleet Street."
well -      "Well, you had best give me a night or two that I may see the house
sound -      half an hour I sat with straining ears. Then suddenly another sound
more -      which at first sight presented a more singular problem."
london -      Major Sholto. Major Sholto denies having heard that he was in London.
pocket -      that we can do business you may just slip it into your pocket as an
rose -      rose instantly to a certainty, and I taxed him with the deed. He made
rooms -      "They set fire to our rooms last night.  No great harm was done."
more -      no more evidence, for on being brought before the inspector at the
well -      quiet voice. "You know perfectly well that you dare not use it, even
well -      Well, I'm very glad to see that you have got the rascal. I hope,
plump -      advanced with a plump little hand extended, murmuring his regret for
lady -      other is to the young lady's stepfather, Mr. Windibank, asking him
laid -      determined to see which. They laid me on a couch, I motioned for air,
norwood -      "Upon the charge of murdering Mr. Jonas Oldacre, of Lower Norwood."
how -      "How do you prove that?"
gang -      "The leader of the gang. I shall have the others, but he first."
more -      but I slept much more lightly than usual. Half in my dreams I was
woking -      Why had Holmes remained at Woking? Why had he asked Miss Harrison to
how -      become of the cabman who drove them? How could one man compel another
edge -      I walked round the edge of the water, my comrades in Indian file
point -      strengthen it. By the way, there is one curious little point about
water -      Inference,--that your brother was often at low water. Secondary
more -      "Terrible! She is even more affected than I."
den -      would put it to. Brooding over the case in that den of his, it
well -      business was from one of his lieutenants. These Americans were well
wooden -      were an active man, you might swarm up, wooden leg and all. You would
how -      "But how do you know that it is hereditary?"
shoscombe -      which I am unfolding. But let us have some more about Shoscombe. I
waterbeach -      Waterbeach, and Oakington have each been explored and have each
bridge -      bridge was up, I guess he thought he was safe."
london -      Victorian epoch in the West End of London. Next door there appeared
laid -      our respect. She laid her little bundle of papers upon the table and
old -      Holmes spent the evening in rummaging among the files of the old
pocket -      night-glasses from his pocket and gazed some time at the shore. "I
white -      The stonework was gray, but at this one point it showed white for a
park -      "Only that it is in the centre of Shoscombe Park, and that the famous
letters -      is the slip and here are four letters from him."
how -      "Good heavens!" I cried; "how you startled me!"
deal -      "That, also, is still obscure.  But we have learned a good deal, you
moor -      excursion of some miles across the moor to a place which is so dismal
way -      country lane. While we made our way along it we heard the rattle of a
temple -      gentleman's chambers in the Temple. It was a delicate point, and it
law -      law. You are the prisoner. Watson, you are a British jury, and I
morton -      Cyril Morton, the senior partner of Morton & Kennedy, the famous
wilson -      "That will do, Mr. Wilson. I shall be happy to give you an opinion
water -      pain. 'There is water in your eyes,' said he as he released me. 'I
north -      instead of going south I had to go north, until I found myself among
letters -      learning and letters who had had ill-usage at the hands of fortune.
rose -      A pale, taper-faced man with sandy whiskers rose up from a chair by
stamford -      "You must study him, then," Stamford said, as he bade me good-bye.
mere -      should you, for a mere passing pleasure, risk the loss of those great
steps -      "In that case I think that it is probable that no further steps may
triangle -      to show a brown triangle within a circle exactly like that which we
well -      "Well, I want to see the man who lives here, whatever he may call
sheet -      absolute amazement at a paper upon the table. It was the sheet upon
moor -      throughout the length and breadth of the moor. But I had my own
raise -      could see no injury, but as she tried to raise him she saw that blood
pinner -      America, and she came back to live with a maiden aunt at Pinner, in
how -      What shall I do? I care nothing as to how you have found your facts
douglas -      After some persuasion upon the stairs Mrs. Douglas had gone back. She
lady -      was this lady still clasping it in her left hand? Why should she
beach -      swallowed my early cup of tea and was starting for the beach when I
street -      civil practice and had finally abandoned Holmes in his Baker Street
borne -      ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its
box -      "What a pretty box!" she said, stooping over it. "This is Indian
start -      own good? Go back to London! Start to-night! Get away from this place
paddington -      fears to the winds, ate a hearty supper, drove to Paddington, and
quarter -      drive as far as Church Row. It is a quarter of an hour's walk from
docks -      hours, and he lay there, doubtless among the dregs of the docks,
stapleton -      broken ground. It was Stapleton with his butterfly-net. He was very
how -      "How so, sir?"
stair -      on the stair as you entered the outer door?"
catch -      Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge. You can catch glimpses
how -      "How could you know that?"
london -      to-night I could still survey it with equanimity.  The air of London
way -      and all Sir Robert's into the bargain. By the way"--he looked at us
laid -      of Death laid its cold hand upon the manager's heart. At the next he
more -      pictured him as a more robust and ruffianly person."
douglas -      Mr. Douglas seldom went to London or left the village; but on the day
winchester -      Winchester. I fear it is a thankless business. I can discover facts,
stone -      the heather and the ferns until he found a considerable stone. This
london -      my judgment, the fourth smartest man in London, and for daring I am
norwood -      Lower Norwood which points, it is feared, to a serious crime. Mr.
well -      "Very well. And, I say, Doctor, there may be some little danger, so
moor -      letter which warned Sir Henry against the moor. This at least was
friendly -      My feelings towards him were very far from being friendly after what
wall -      three-foot path, with sheer wall on one side and sheer drop on the
commercial -      other of the coarser commercial purposes. And embedded in it are
weeks -      upon the subject. Some weeks afterwards I learned incidentally that
flat -      kneeling, and once lying flat upon his face. So engrossed was he with
white -      "I have them," said Lestrade, producing a small white box; "I took
shelf -      log-books on a shelf, all exactly as one would expect to find it in a
manor -      all was dark in the direction of the Manor House. Two hours passed
close -      close to the one thing on earth that was dear to me. I could not
more -      His grim, deep-lined face had become even sadder and more grave.
bentley -      settled at Bentley's private hotel. At ten o'clock I went round and
southerly -      and a week's southerly gale, when we picked up a little craft that
well -      least idea who their employer is. As to them, well, it is not the
stand -      made it stand out in those long records of crime from which I gather
well -      "You have done well, sir, from first to last," said he. "It is
well -      "Well, very soon I found that I was saving considerable sums of
laid -      wish to commit you to anything without your having it all laid before
old -      "For half an hour or so I discussed that old gentleman's symptoms
bohemia -      "What a woman--oh, what a woman!" cried the King of Bohemia, when we
city -      spot in this great city where I could rely upon being free from
douglas -      had given it up as impossible. Thus it came about that John Douglas
moor -      Hall and the moor are not very pleasant places when one is alone."
river -      "At the bottom of the river," said Small, shortly.
chimney -      sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then
more -      gloom, and then closing it once more hurry back to her room, passing
shawl -      standing at the door. Her bulky figure in a shawl and skirt might
how -      everyone knows them by name, how comes it that none are brought to
more -      "I see no more than you, but I have trained myself to notice what I
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, you would hardly say it was a face at all. That's
point -      stretch a point and drop down to see you in your own house."
stapleton -      that Mr. Stapleton was a naturalist. But how did you know me?"
carey -      pouch were a coincidence, and not those of Peter Carey, since he
box -      in the box? What had she done with that? Of course, it must have been
cliff -      quarry. The face which was turned towards us formed a dark cliff,
kettle -      jet of steam escaping continually from a kettle. The instant that we
butt -      heard a little sigh of satisfaction as he cuddled the butt into his
london -      "Mr. Sherlock Holmes can return to London by the morning train."
douglas -      Douglas and begged her to go back.
well -      "Well, the matter ended by a second meeting, at which Mahomet Singh,
nowhere -      Nature bound so long in an iron grip; but nowhere was there any hope
sea -      ship, and at once a whiff of the sea was perceptible in our
more -      key turn once more and he passed me and re-entered the house. I saw
box -      perfect shriek of delight he rushed to the box, cut the other pill in
haven -      which began with "The Haven Horror" and ended with "Brilliant Police
london -      begun operations in another quarter of London. There's coffee on the
london -      the hospital, since only a man well-established in a London practice
eccles -      "Mr. Eccles was going to tell us about it when you entered the room.
city -      city. Nothing but the worst news came to us from every side,--which
point -      the more extraordinary, there was no side road at this point down
rose -      knocker. Holmes rose, motioning us to remain seated. The gas in the
lover -      and her lover. What other facts have you?"
more -      him and he spoke in a feeble voice, it is true, but with even more
lady -      lady's allusions to her past and her refusal to take her husband into
bog -      across the lower part of the bog lay a miry path. Holmes gave a cry
trevor -      at all. Trevor was the only man I knew, and that only through the
deal -      acquaintance with the members of your family. I have done a good deal
mark -      each other to mark the last traces of that terrific experience which
quarter -      to us next week to do some business in this quarter."
more -      more features of interest and more possibility of development than I
charles -      And then again, sir, we were both of us very fond of Sir Charles, as
began -      safety.' He drew up his chair very close to mine and began to stare
rose -      "To eat it!" Our visitor half rose from his chair in his excitement.
old -      "Here you are, doggy! Good old Toby! Smell it, Toby, smell it!" He
deal -      deal of Sir Charles Baskerville. With the exception of Mr. Frankland,
turn -      easy matter, after all. However, when our turn came the little man
old -      "He has sold out and left the district. The old devil left a note for
yonder -      the colliery yonder it was just more than I could stand. I'm not made
central -      central table with the brisk manner of one who knows exactly what he
emsworth -      sheet. "That," said I as I handed it to Colonel Emsworth, "is what
london -      butter-dishes in London."
close -      "Better close the front door," cried Holmes, and we all rushed down
send -      "Excellent," said Sherlock Holmes.  "Send the boy for a four-wheeler,
brixton -      "Is it on this Brixton case that you are employing them?" I asked.
valley -      came from--anywhere to get away from this Valley of Fear!"
aldershot -      don't think we shall be wanted in Aldershot any more."
stanley -      "Ah, a hiding-place--that is better!" cried Stanley Hopkins. "Yes,
sudden -      only to fear some sudden act of violence on their part.  If they give
way -      deduced in any way. And yet I was loath to believe that this was the
how -      singular powers in England, how was it that neither police nor public
esher -      behind me, and set off for Esher, with my bag in my hand. I called at
hill -      of one of the forts upon Portsdown Hill. I was glad that he should
more -      have had a more lively evening, for I had a message from Stapleton
copenhagen -      set off for Copenhagen. At the Danish capital he was again a few days
well -      "Maybe you think that the game is not over yet. Well, I take my
middle -      suburban highways. Right in the middle of them, a little island of
letters -      drawer of his desk. "You say that you have five letters which
how -      inherit his fortune. How's that--eh?"
height -      means of his great height, these proofs upon your table, and
chalk -      are the missing links of the very simple chain: 1. You had chalk
send -      you. Watson, you will send a note to Stapleton to tell him that you
way -      my mind before he was at the door, pushing his way past her; but she
hobson -      living at Hobson's Patch and you being there to-day."
box -                        THE ADVENTURE OF THE CARDBOARD BOX
coombe -      one that Mrs. Laura Lyons of Coombe Tracey had written to Sir Charles
began -      astonishment, a quite epicurean little cold supper began to be laid
how -      your eyes," I added, "but really I don't know how you deduced it."
hope -      ripened. Well, sir, I hope that you are none the worse!"
rope -      mantelpiece, the dead body, and the rope were each in turn examined,
eye -      lunkah, it obviously narrows your field of search. To the trained eye
hope -      "You're not hurt, I hope, miss," said her preserver, respectfully.
lady -      word of Greek.  The lady could talk English fairly well.
how -      how the fugitive got away. They obviously were the two who must have
raise -      raise his hand as if to strike him. The self-reproach and contrition
barking -      strange way as before. The wolfhound was out now, barking furiously,
forth -      now--so far as it has been set forth in the public press."
lodge -      "Is your lodge No. 29, Chicago?"
old -      "Well, sir, there is an old ruined chapel in the park. It is so old
hope -      "If you said 'hope' instead of 'fear,' it would be nearer the truth,
old -      "Among the old houses on the hillside--the stone huts where the old
london -      that certain letters might come to him from London which would be
old -      half-sovereign, at the old naturalist's in Pinchin Lane. At
street -      "John Clayton, 3 Turpey Street, the Borough. My cab is out of
charles -      Charles' head was still firm on his shoulders when this little
mortimer -      also, Mr. Mortimer Tregennis, an independent gentleman, who increased
more -      severe example of the Lady Eva I should find all of them much more
scale -      gains and of the scale on which he works. Another point: I made it my
stout -      opened the door, and a small, stout man in a shaggy astrachan
began -      see. It began with a thin scratch and ended in a jagged hole. I am
surrey -      Surrey village of Esher, with Inspector Baynes as our companion.
tone -      tone. "You may wait here a moment; and there is no reason why your
point -      "Does your explanation cover every point?"
well -      "I can well remember driving up to his house in the evening some
moor -      He had started running swiftly over the moor, and I had followed at
way -      our cab, and made our way up the drive together.
merton -      Speaking of that, two brothers from the Merton lodge are coming over
stand -      "If you will stand there I will talk. If you do not you must leave
read -      "Why do you say that, Mr. Holmes?" I seemed to read sudden suspicion
forth -      with a copy of this in his hand Holmes set forth to find a second
well -      "This sounds well. He has evidently picked up the scent again," said
old -      Holmes said little more, but the picture of the old roysterer seemed
aldershot -      Aldershot.
true -      "Why, that's true, sir," he said; "though how you come to know it,
lady -      beautiful Lady Frances. Holmes's face showed his amazement, and also
high -      sitting-room of the lodging-house, one more dim light glimmered high
burrow -      rabbit out of its burrow.
mortimer -      "My brothers!" cried Mortimer Tregennis, white to his lips. "They are
mortimer -      "In doing so," said Dr. Mortimer, who had begun to show signs of some
more -      "I trust that you had no more of those nervous attacks."
stones -      the body, black and clear against the silvered stones. The agony of
lady -      "From what I have seen of the lady she seems indeed to be on a very
well -      well to follow them when up the lane came a neat little landau, the
charing -      Somewhere in the vaults of the bank of Cox and Co., at Charing Cross,
amberley -      So Mr. Amberley and I found ourselves on the roadside in what seemed
brougham -      "Did you find your brougham?"
london -      once more to London, "it has been a pretty business for me! I have
station -      "At the station.  The second first-class carriage from the front will
coat -      coachman with his coat only half-buttoned, and his tie under his ear,
acres -      enormous in size. I should think that the enclosure must be acres and
lane -      left ran a lane which led to the stables, and was not itself within
america -      If you pull this off every paper in England and America will be
height -      confirmed me in my opinion as to the murderer's height, and furnished
touch -      touch with the situation, as I may need your help to-night. Let me
white -      "No doubt it is an American shotgun," White Mason continued. "I seem
letters -      "Nothing that would help a thief. Family papers, letters from my poor
hill -      and noted how hill after hill showed traces of the ancient people.
british -      "There we have it at last, Watson! British government--Woolwich.
well -      "Well, at least I knew that if Brunton could do it, I could also.
ross -      into Ross, Holmes still carrying with him the stone which he had
hammer -      head now, like a docker's hammer, but that morning I seemed to have
british -      patience and loyalty of the British public.
began -      them. Then my temper got the better of me, and I began to threaten
more -      gale--and now to have been reabsorbed by them once more.
well -      fell at Doncaster? Well, I was the only journalist in the stand, and
croydon -      through the post to Miss Cushing, of Cross Street, Croydon?"
well -      "Well, sir, not of much account; but three of them have gone lame,
fitzroy -      Fitzroy Simpson. He was a man of excellent birth and education, who
close -      High Gable--so our gaps are beginning to close.
eye -      of the gold in each case caught my eye, you see. When I put that with
well -      "Well, it is quite evident that there are two men--more, perhaps, but
more -      investigation, but these occasions grew more and more seldom, until I
point -      "Then I do not see the point."
rooms -      us at once to the rooms which we are to examine."
mark -      "Porlock, Watson, is a nom-de-plume, a mere identification mark; but
how -      "The Coroner: How was it, then, that he uttered it before he saw you,
wish -      "I wish you to understand, in the first place, that I am not employed
south -      by a South African gold king in the days of the great boom, and the
hammersmith -      spot at the other side of Hammersmith Bridge. Here the cabman was
rooms -      into my rooms."
london -      vain efforts of the London police to recover it. I was myself
porlock -      "Who then is Porlock?" I asked.
lady -      think that the sooner we can move the Lady Frances the better.
way -      make his way in. He must have been a very poor burglar."
mortimer -      closed his eyes, with an air of resignation. Dr. Mortimer turned the
real -      real, but it might have been the work of a protecting friend as
pit -      He made his money in real estate, and afterwards in the wheat pit at
water -      appearance of pure water. The proportion of blood cannot be more than
london -      cleared from London, the name is that which is given to one of the
city -      real occupation. My dear wife knew that I had business in the City.
oaks -      grim Hall bristling out from amidst the ancient oaks, which, old as
way -      a way that it was impossible to ignore it, and our country visit took
mark -      The mark which he was examining began upon the brass work on the
more -      That's what puzzles me; for I know there ain't more coals in her than
hound -      sprung out upon us from the shadows of the fog. A hound it was, an
water -      scanty provisions and water, while Lucy had a small bundle containing
bridge -      appointment to meet Mrs. Gibson at the bridge. Beyond this she would
charles -      body, which had not been touched until my arrival. Sir Charles lay on
barton -      my hand and the card of Dr. Hill Barton in my pocket, I set off on my
street -      into my room in Montague Street. He had changed little, was dressed
true -      neighbour, Miss Stapleton. And yet the course of true love does not
home -      "She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time that
point -      There is only one point on which I must insist. You must not
pastures -      water pastures were valueless compared to this gloomy land of black
wish -      very little of life yet, and--and--well, he naturally did not wish to
how -      "How, then, did you know of it?"
more -      is more than likely that Porlock took his message from the old one.
yell -      A terrible scream--a prolonged yell of horror and anguish--burst out
stout -      fastened a stout cord to the mongrel's collar, and let him to the
charles -      Charles Street. Here is a rough chart of the place."
deal -      though it has proved a good deal queerer than I thought.
white -      window, candle in hand, his white, intent face pressed against the
edge -      another stone sang past me as I hung by my hands from the edge of the
british -      the British lines.
old -      that his old housekeeper had put out her lamp and retired. It was a
lady -      "But if the lady will not accept what is already known, why should
law -      "You don't mind breaking the law?"
law -      man the penalties of the law. Yet there was certainly an element of
petty -      the kick and the cuff of every petty jack-in-office, to have rice to
old -      rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city. Inspector Gregory
sudden -      sudden danger had threatened him I was too far away to be of use, and
hound -      with his hound, but without avail. It was during these fruitless
coat -      There's no mistaking that fluffy ash upon your coat.  It's easy to
avenue -      Avenue. It was already dusk, and the lamps were just being lighted as
letters -      regaining these letters. The unfortunate lady has not the money, and
street -      almost running down the street in the direction of the Strand. This
tongue -      he would cut his tongue out before he would own it to any third
oldacre -      Oldacre gave an uneasy laugh, shrinking back from the furious red
british -      passion is for the British law, and he has spent a large fortune in
lock -      to the lock, when he paused with a look of attention and surprise
yonder -      magnum opus--the pile of papers on the side table yonder. It is my
turn -      could see that he was thoroughly satisfied by the turn which affairs
point -      there any point which is not quite clear to you?"
began -      if there is a quarrel, began. The lady keeps her room, alters her
eccles -      called upon Eccles at the other end of London on the very day after
way -      me, the villain, in every conceivable way. Not one word of truth has
wish -      have dropped Miss Morstan I wish you to go on to No. 3 Pinchin Lane,
city -      young City man, of the class who have been labeled cockneys, but who
rooms -      yet three when we found ourselves in our rooms once more. He hurried
touch -      he first met him, and he kept in close touch with him until he got
point -      official credit, but you must act on the line that I point out. Is
charles -      "Did Barrymore profit at all by Sir Charles's will?" asked Holmes.
rose -      kettle upon the stove rose sharp and strident to the ear. Seven white
well -      not flinch from his friend. I think we may very well trust him.'
close -      that I was causing him uneasiness that I drew my visit to a close. On
street -      This was clearly Holmes's doing. The Baker Street address was enough
wooden -      blurred circle on to the garden path. The wooden fence which
sydenham -      and made off for Sydenham, feeling that for once in my life I had
station -      In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station. I have
high -      other Mrs. Oldmore and maid, of High Lodge, Alton.
well -      "Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got back to my lodgings and found little
rock -      Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track. Her face
how -      is how on earth you got yourself mixed up in the matter."
start -      supper before we start. It is now nine-thirty. At eleven we shall
london -      could get away from London, he determined to head me off at the next
castles -      soldier resides--one of those awful gray London castles which would
leslie -      "But Sir Leslie Oakshott?"
field -      "It is obvious. And now, you see, I had narrowed the field down
village -      practitioner from the village. The three men entered the fatal room
edge -      the measured tapping of Sherlock Holmes' finger-tips upon the edge of
fleet -      kaleidoscope of life as it ebbs and flows through Fleet Street and
way -      way out into the street in a sort of dazed way when you were absent.'
porlock -      "Fred Porlock."
way -      shining pavement. A single cab was splashing its way from the Oxford
way -      two revellers upon their way home. The party crossed the road, and,
how -      "Good heavens!" cried Holmes in amazement. "How did he die?"
street -      reached it before we left Baker Street, and the rest has merely been
van -      kept screaming, 'Coward! Coward!' as she was carried back to the van
white -      we get London on to this case the better," said he. "White Mason is a
gilmerton -      winter, and the snow lay deep in the gorges of the Gilmerton
well -      "Well, Mrs. Warren, I cannot see that you have any particular cause
common -      it may contribute something to the common cause."
shade -      My wife is fond of a particular shade of electric blue and would like
stock -      "'"I'd a partner," said he, "a rare good man, as true as a stock to a
true -      stole all the securities and fled. It is not true. It was his belief
douglas -      ask Mr. Douglas to tell us his own story."
moor -      another to stand out here in the darkness of the moor and to hear
read -      read them to you, as I read them in the old study that night to him.
how -      "You know how the matter stands?"
well -      I can do pretty well with what I earn at typewriting. It brings me
rope -      died. You can call it murder. Anyhow, I'd as soon die with a rope
turn -      mistaken, considerably surprise you. Things have taken a turn which I
reading -      to have pursued any course of reading which might fit him for a
read -      Oliver's private school. Read them and see if you can doubt the
law -      already applied for the protection of the law against an old rival in
moor -      two miles to the west, while across the moor, also about two miles
well -      life. But it was the writing of a man, and of a well educated one,
pocket -      spoke, and I noticed that he slipped his revolver into his pocket.
point -      "Well, we shall set about explaining it. When once your point of view
dartmoor -      to Dartmoor."
how -      "Why," said my wife, pulling up her veil, "it is Kate Whitney.  How
more -      country was more than I could possibly venture to say.
way -      Sherlock Holmes took the lamp and led the way, for Thaddeus Sholto's
began -      disconnected before began at once to assume its true place, and I had
crag -      keenest-eyed uttered an exclamation and pointed up at the rugged crag
letters -      wrote me dreadful letters when she heard that I was about to be
rise -      would give rise to it."
how -      "How has your case prospered?"
lodge -      you to interfere--you that are new to the lodge? Stand back!" He
lock -      bar. Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success.
brixton -      "The Brixton Road does not lie between any circus and Houndsditch,"
forth -      sends forth emissaries of murder may be that Valley of Fear of which
lead -      felt very deeply. Like most people who lead a lonely life, she was
rock -      Lying on his face, he rested his rifle upon a rock, and took a long
bow -      way, which can very readily be done, and then I make my bow and
village -      Allan Brothers', the chief land agents in the village, and found that
west -      "Suppose that Cadogan West wished to make his way into the building
bulk -      bulk of his fortune abroad in the Deutsche Bank or the Credit
bridge -      Below the bridge there is a perfect labyrinth of landing-places for
london -      Penrose Fisher, or any of the best men in London. But someone you
began -      strange events began to move swiftly towards their terrible
well -      been no answer from my cabman advertisement? Well, well, we cannot
point -      packet from him this very day, all point in one direction. What he
lady -      with fury. What was I doing with the lady? How dared I offer her
how -      gang are here I don't see how they can escape. We have the news at
british -      thinking that he under the British government. You would also be
horsham -      Openshaw, and whose residence is near Horsham. It is conjectured that
bush -      bush outside the window, and several of the branches bore signs of
well -      "Unfortunately, I have not. But these specimens are so well labelled
stone -      goes there is no difficulty at all. Any one of these stone huts would
commercial -      from the Commercial Road and signed "A. Dorak." They were mere
horsey -      sympathy and freemasonry among horsey men. Be one of them, and you
mortimer -      "But it is a very singular thing," Dr. Mortimer remarked. "I searched
edge -      the bullet which has so obviously struck the edge of the window?"
hound -      "Exactly. He retained it in his hand after using it to set the hound
rocks -      crag, where the rocks offered some protection from the chill wind,
middlesex -      Middlesex. I may mention that her husband had left her comfortably
how -      police you will find how seriously you are compromised. If your
water -      ahead a dark blur upon the water showed where the Aurora lay, and the
old -      He was a fine creature, this man of the old English soil, simple,
more -      of action, sprang from his chair. "I think there is nothing more to
box -      the very box that he showed us yesterday."
lady -      From out of her bosom Lady Hilda had drawn a small key. The box flew
grey -      would not have her wed grey hairs, neither would we deprive her of
stair -      heavy steps ascending the stair.
how -      Italian police. I do not myself know where he lived, or how. All that
box -      into the edge of it. It hinged back like the lid of a box. A small
flat -      passed from the flat I heard Holmes's high, thin voice in some
den -      be solved--what Neville St. Clair was doing in the opium den, what
charing -      this morning with her husband by the 5.15 train from Charing Cross
more -      little more before I quite committed myself.
sutton -      This Blessington or Sutton, who was the worst of the gang, turned
home -      an aggrieved voice. "I'll wager he found his way home all right."
sway -      held sway so long and left their mark so deep. There he sat, with his
cunningham -      William Kirwan was fired. Mr. Cunningham saw him from the bedroom
